Whats all the hype about?
Its no different than any other exfoliator i've tried.
The reviews sold me the product... Nice job<br />It's worth it, I though, experienced no Magic
The bumps on my legs finally gone!
I just use on my arms on legs.
Also, a great gift for girlfriends!
Just sad that I did not know of this product much earlier.
Much better than a wash rag, or wash towel, much more durable, and because of its texture it does help to get rid of dead skin, that appears are always present, in less or greater quantities.
Dries fairly soon, and because of its tiny pores and antibacterial capabilities, it barely hold on to odors as long as it is properly washed and rinsed before hanging.
Nice invention, pretty darn smart, if you ask me.
Long enough for a person to do their own back, and works like one with liquid soap creating plenty of clean foam.
4 Stars for this japanese product.
I don't know anything about the other reviews that talk about the original Salux from Japan versus impostors from China.
I've never owned a product like this before.
I am male and have sensitive skin that's prone to irritation that results in random pores getting clogged on my arms or chest or legs.
I bought these on a recommendation to test out and see if they helped.
I've only had them for a few days, and can't really say yet if they've done anything for my pores or not, but they do seem to be doing a really good job at exfoliating my skin.<br /><br />The individual towels are roughly 12 inches wide by 24 or 30 inches long.
They're made of some sort of woven nylon or plastic material that is kind of wavy and extremely abrasive when rubbed across the skin.
You use the towel by putting a dollop of liquid soap onto it and then rubbing it onto your body to create a lather.
The towel is long enough that you can easily scrub your back by holding the ends of the towel and pulling back and forth.
The towels are abrasive enough that it really feels like you're scraping a layer of skin off.
Probably not appropriate for use anywhere sensitive.<br /><br />I'm loving these so far.
My new love- Good bye pouf balls.
This is amazing, really feels like it is exfoliating, especially now with my dry itchy winter skin.
Kept one, will be giving the other two away with nice shower stuff as gifts, then will order more for myself.
I wish I had of found these years ago.<br /><br />Adding to previous review- I am finally ordering another 3 pack.
I gave away 2 of the first 3 pack as stocking stuffers to family.
Now everyone in my family is talking about these and wanting them.
*Please note, if you have really sensitive skin (like me) these work great, just remember don't scrub as hard as you would with your everyday pouf ball thing.
These do the exfoliating job just great without lots of pressure.
Also, mine has held up beautifully.
I throw it in the wash and air dry, still looks new.
I’ve been using this for years!
It exfoliates my skin gently and feels super clean.
Been using these now for over 6 years, no change in quality at all, just price.
As with everything with this lousy economy and high inflation, this is to be expected.....
But the product rocks.
Head to toe exfoliation with every shower!
I like to scratch my skin with these as I am always very itchy.
I replaced mine after a month because I like the rough of a new one.
Probably could use longer before replacing it.
Best bathing cloth ever.
This is such a satisfying exfoliating cloth, and is the perfect size.
You will need much less soap to get a great lather from these.
These towels are awesome.
They exfoliate and clean your body/skin like no other.
Excellent quality and they last forever.
You will never use a washcloth again
I have the kind of skin that need to be exfoliated frequently, but I also have sensitive skin.
These nicely fit the bill.<br /><br />You can use them in any shape (balled up, folded, spread out, etc) and they are effective.
You do have to use a bit more soap than you would with a shower poof, but really a negligible amount.
I would recommend this to anyone with sensitive skin in need of a physical exfoliant.<br /><br />I would say this are also mobility-friendly--the length of the wash cloth would definitely work for people unable to bend over or lift their legs up.<br /><br />10/10
Body wash works great with these, you no longer need a wash cloth, or back scrubber.
We wash ours in the washer with the towels and hang to dry.
work well and not real rough.
After some hit or miss orders of this item in the past, I recently ordered from 'JapanSuperMall' fulfilled by Amazon and these are the real deal, authentic Salux beauty skin cloths.
They are the 'harsher' authentic ones not the softer knock offs.
Perfect bandannas for when im out doing outdoorsy stuff.
I'm glad to have discovered them.
These are life changing.
Be careful, they're rougher than you'd expect, but that's what makes them so wonderful.
For a gentler scrub, roll it into a burrito and put soap on it.
Use it in one layer for brand new silky soft skin.
Keep it long so you can reach your back.<br />08/20/17<br />I'm still obsessed with these washcloths.
My legs are silky smooth and I have much less ingrowns now.
My skin has built up a tolerance for how scrubby these are but I still encourage you to start gently.
Rolling them up definitely makes them more gentle.
They dry so fast, making them amazing for travel.
Some people use them on their face but it would be far too rough for mine.
Expensive but honey work fine
Wonderful product!!!
I've been using these for 20 years.
Best washcloth ever!
I have my silky skin back, thank you Salux and thank you Mighty Gadgets storefront.
This cloth really gets the job done and dries fast.
It is also excellent to use as a back scratcher!
No more 1 inch wide back scratcher, trying to get the 'job' done!
I did have a problem with my order not showing up, however.
I contacted the storefront and was met with the fastest response.
Mighty Gadgets went up and beyond the call of duty to make this customer happy.
They were delightful to deal with and I would not hesitate to do business with them, again.
Thank you Mighty Gadgets for making me one happy lady.
Your generosity is deeply appreciated!
This is a fantastic product for keeping the skin clean.
Take it with me on road and always feel clean and refreshed after using in the shower.
Cons:<br />I bought these because it would supposedly also help you save on soap by creating loads of lather.
I do not notice that effect.
In fact, I would say I notice less lather.
I do not use traditional soap, however, and instead use handmaid castile soap.
So, instead I just lather up first, and then use this cloth, and it's not a huge deal.<br /><br />I have sensitive skin and this cloth can be too abrasive if used with any pressure on some parts of my skin.
So, lathering up and then using the cloth also helps me to only use this abrasive cloth where I need it.<br /><br />Pros:<br />Great for those little bumps.<br /><br />Fantastic at exfoliation for shaving, waxing, any hair removal, etc.<br /><br />Helps with ingrown hairs!
But be careful not to press too hard when using it.
Go over multiple times at a lighter pressure rather than pressing too hard, which can have the opposite effect and actually cause ingrown hairs.<br /><br />WONDERFUL at keeping my feet smooth!
I don't even use anything else now.<br /><br />Do recommend, just not for the reasons I originally purchased.
Right now.It gives me such soft skin.
I ordered this 3-pack of Salux towels for the shower to help with rough bumpy skin on the backs of my legs, and to have an easy way to scrub my back.<br /><br />They take some getting used to, partially because they're so long and don't immediately lather like sponges do.
I prefer to keep it folded, wet it, add some soap or shower gel, and rub/scrunch it together until a lather forms.
I used it folded on my body, and then unfold it to full length to use on my back (like the picture shows).
You have to keep it out of the stream of water, or else the soap will wash right out of it.<br /><br />They were definitely much more harsh than I expected - I can only use them very gently, and can't use them at all on especially thin areas of skin like my shins, the tops of my feet, or my chest.
I'd absolutely never use them on my face or neck.<br /><br />After the first use, I noticed an immediate improvement to my bumpy skin.
But after I began to scrub with them daily, I felt like it actually exacerbated the problem.
Plus, it was just another item to keep in the bathroom and worry about washing every week.
As a side note, I wish they made these in white or grey instead of the bright colors - I feel like they'd match so many more peoples' bathroom decor and I wouldn't feel as bad about leaving one lying around the bathroom.<br /><br />Now, I just use a Salux once per week as an exfoliating treatment - they're definitely too strong to be an everyday thing for me, but it does the job and helps with my bumps overall.
I have purchased this 3-pack twice now and I still absolutely love these wash towels.
I've honestly been spoiled by them - nothing else will compare now.
Using regular washcloths feels ineffective on getting me clean and even the 'knock-offs' of these cloths have been either too rough or not rough enough.
I'd strongly recommend paying the extra for these; they last forever and are machine washable (but should be hung to dry).
The best thing since sliced bread.
This product makes so much sense.
These things are awesome.
I prefer these over loofahs by a mile!
Using these to exfoliate my back has really cut down on itchy dry patches.
These exfoliate really well without scratching off your skin.
I've already bought some for my mom, sister, and sister in law and they love them too.
cloth not too hard, not too soft, good and practical size.
I put my soap on it and clean and exfoliate together.
Great for cleaning your back as well.
Love these - better quality than the ones sold at target!
Great but way over priced!
Love these for the shower.
Able to get my back with no problem.
Leaves skin feeling so good.
No comparison to the nonsense body scrub towels sold in my local stores, I love this product.
Hate the price jump over the years I've been using it, wish other colors would be offered, but the product is great.
These blow away ordinary wash cloths.
You will feel freshly washed hours after taking a shower.
I never thought that I would love a wash cloth so much.
You will go through a lot of soap but this brand is the one to buy.<br />I discovered the first one about 40 years ago when a hotel guest put it into the washing machine.
It ended up wound around the base of the inner tub and one end stopped the pump.<br />This one rinses out clean in seconds so it never needs to leave the shower until it is worn out.
I usually get about 2000 showers or 5 years out of one.
Where I live these are for sale in most stores that stock bath tools, but the convenience of Amazon makes that trip unnecessary.
I find the Salux to be an outstanding shower item.
It's not soft--it's coarse, almost like fine sandpaper, and with vigorous application with soap it does a fabulous job on the skin, and it's long enough to do my entire back, which is unreachable with regular wash cloths..
Furthermore, it lasts--the one I had one before didn't fall apart for 8 or 9 years.
The perfect length for washing your back!
Maybe I have sensitive skin but this seems too rough.
Maybe I'll use them to scrub sinks or shower walls.
These are not the typical run of the mill body scrubbers.
These really work!<br /><br />I love being able to get a good scrub down in the shower.
While most shower loofah's are very soft, and barely fell anything, these are not like that.
Of course it matters how much pressure you apply as well.<br /><br />I like it how they are quite long as well, where I can grab both sides of it behind my back and give my back a good scrub.
Love these - great for exfoliating.
Start out rough, but are perfect for a &#34;brisk&#34; exfoliating wash after a couple uses.
Last a long time without becoming pathetically soft.
I have reordered these several times.
These bath towels are fantastic!
They are great at scrubbing and exfoliating your skin and they are long enough that you can easily wash your back.
I find they take body wash very well, foaming and lathering nicely.
They also rinse clean and dry relatively quickly, making them a great alternative to sponges and loofahs when you're traveling.
These are now the only thing I use to clean my body!
They leave my skin silky soft and I have gotten legitimate Salux products off of Amazon.
The cloths are excellent.
Noticeably cleaner .
My wife believe's this as well.
If you do painting you know how hard it is to remove from your body.
This with some liquid soap does it quickly.
First use I thought it to be too rough.
Washing your back is a breeze.
I have my 9 year old daughter use this.
I actually heard of this washcloth from a teen girl on youtube.
She was telling about her beauty secrets.
Been using these for years...
I use it every time I shower.
I love how long it is for scrubbing your back also.. it dries relatively fast for travel however I usually carry a plastic bag so I can pack it the morning my flight leaves....fold it for easy use..is perfect!
I have never used these before and now I am addicted!
They really do scrub you a lot better than anything else and they are long so you can grab both sides and scrub your own back by going back and forth which is nice.
I also like using them on my face.
I have the blue one to my husband.
Not supposed to be soft.
I have used this product for over 15 years.
Try it you'll love it!
I really don't know how I showed and cleaned by back as effectively without this thing.
Works better than any back scrubber I ever used and its super easy to keep clean.
It also uses less shower wash to create a nice foam, so it saves me money on buying Dove shower wash liquid.
I have been using these for years.
Everyone I have given them to is hooked as well.
My local Asian store was out of these so got them online.
Target has some that I though might be the same, but they are thinner and softer so didn't work at all for my skin.
Just like the ones I had in Tokyo!
I am extremely pleased with this product.
I have breakouts on my back and wanted something to help clear them up.
It lives up to its rave reviews found online.
Never felt so clean.
Lathers quickly and lasts long.
No extra soap needed.
Little goes a long way.
Long length makes back washing easy.
Dries quickly and cleanly.
Definite repurchase.
the cloth is huge, and a little rough for my skin
Great for travel because they dry so quickly and do not take up space in the suitcase.
Three in a pack allowed me to share with my travel buddies.
European cars are small; we don't allow stinky rears.
These are almost painful when you use them at first - the exfoliation is much better than in a regular loofa.
I bought these after reading how much bacteria & fungus grow in a regular loofa, and I liked that these could be washed.
After a first few baths/showers where I thought the scrub was &#34;too much&#34; - I love them.
Now I truly delight in sloughing off the outer layer of my skin because I know my skin is going to positively glow when I'm done.
I can't remember having softer skin!
I will be ordering these again!
Accurate product description.
These are just great, you only have to use a little bit of liquid cleanser and lots of suds.
Great for sloughing off dry skin.
Give them as gifts frequently and everyone loves them.
I didn't care for them at all.
I'm sure it does remove dead skin cells, and maybe that is all I should have expected, but I found them uncomfortable to use.
I used one once and put them away.
I think I will use them to clean the sink area.
I would not call these wash cloths.
They are long oblong tight scratchy netting.
I had wanted a swedish wash cloth but haven't been able to find them again.
These are my absolute favorite washcloths!
Really scrubs your back too!
Ordered many for my teens who kept taking mine!
The beauty shop closed down, and my wash clothes like this were getting old (ca.
10 years they lasted, though).
I am so glad I found them here on Amazon.
They're durable, they exfoliate my skin, and do their job.
It doesn't suds up as much as another product meaning I have to use more soap than usual, but it works.
I’ve tested and proven this item to be an effective body wash cloth<br />This packaging has made it economical
Best body exfoliator I’ve ever found, dries fast so easy to travel with.
Cleared up small back acne that i could never reach, got rid of bumps along the back of legs that I’ve had my whole life.
I gave my boyfriend one and he’s obsessed too.
It doesn’t feel like I showered correctly without it.
theae are super rough..I expected a much softer material and will probably give them away to someone who wants a rougher surface..
Very happy...Bc this product doesn’t shred the first time I use it.
I love these towels, I feel cleaner using them than normal towels and they only need a little soap.<br />They are also amazing to use to clean with, absolutely love them.
These things are AMAZING.
i will never use anything else.
It really lathers and exfoliates without irritating you.
This is the second time i purchase.
You wont be dissapointed
WHAT IVE BEEN LOOKING FOR.
REMOVES DEAD SKIN CELLS
I love these for a few reasons:<br />- They clean out easy and dry fast, so nothing gross can grow in corners like some exfoliating options<br />- Out of the package they are VERY rough and scrubby but without being uncomfortable<br />--- NOTE: you do have to replace them when they go soft if you still want that roughness.
Usually about 3-5 months for me though.<br />- Bright colors are easy to find<br />- very light, so travel is easy and they're easy to hang around the shower when you're done
These are great to have on hand to add to little gifts bags for family and friends.
These are the best wash rags.
At first, they feel a bit abrasive if you have never used one of these before.
However, after a few days of use it feels great.
Nothing leaves you feeling clean like one of these.
I usually replace mine after about a year of use.
Make sure you get this brand.
There are a lot of knock offs.
Love these...highly recommended.
Need to reorder very soon.
I've used this all my life to keep clean.
Took some time to get used to.
These are just amazing for exfoliating your skin.
Because it's wide and stretchy you can even get your back easily.
They also last a long time.
They are rough and really take the junk off you, and long enough to hold two ends and wash your back no problem if you can't reach easily otherwise.
I noticed clearer skin after using them a while.
Works well for exfoliation and are cost effective yet chemical free.
Feel clean when I use them
Not too harsh or soft on the skin.
I have been using these bath cloths for years but couldn't find them in my Asian stores.
I have tried softer ones but I really like the more abrasive texture.
It feels like I'm exfoliating my skin.
Best deal really expholiates your skin
These towel/rags are awesome.
I would say anyone who uses a washcloth should use this immediately.
Actually, if you use a loofa right now, switch out to these.
Great quality, I've been using one for about a month and the quality seems like it should last for 3+ months.
Lathers very good, the scraping feeling from them while washing in the shower is uncomfortable at first, but I was used to it by my very next shower.
I don't know much about skin polishing, but these things make your skin feel soft and I personally feel a bit cleaner than ever before.<br /><br />I'm in love with these things, and maybe sometime down the line will invest in a more abrasive version.
Excited to share this as a cheap gift with a lot of friends and family that don't know it even exists!
Received one of these years ago and needed to replace it - These are great shower clothes that make washing your back easy and they dry fast
Because of the roughness, it feels like it is exfoliating.
But I noticed when I am removing self tanner after a few days - it does nothing.
Yet, I can use a wet facecloth and take off all the self tanner without a problem.
And the tanner is just on the outer layer of dead skin, which I assume is coming off with the facecloth.
Exactly what I wanted at less than half the price!
These are a real value!
I could probably do the soles of my foot without bending over!
The slough off the dead dry skin and leave me feeling soft and silky.
I take one to the gym to use when I shower there!
I purchased these Japanese Wash cloth to remove dry skin and prevent ingrown hairs after epilating.
They leave my skin smooth and flake free.
I use it folded to wash my entire body and then stretch it out to wash my back.
The material provides the perfect amount of scrubbing sensation.<br /><br />The cloth can be used on the face but only with a very light hand.<br /><br />My husband, who is a mechanic, uses one to bathe each night as well.
The scrubbing action cleans away grease and grime easier than a regular terry cloth.
And after several months of use, his cloth shows no signs of staining the way terry cloth would.<br /><br />The cloth dries very quickly, making it great for carrying while traveling and especially when camping.<br /><br />When these wear out, I will certainly buy more.
You will never go back to a conventional wash cloth after using a Salux towel.
Soap foams better, your skin feels cleaner - it is amazing!
I would give this 10 stars if I could!!
I absolutely LOVE these washcloths.
They are great for exfoliating.
Might come off as a bit rough for some but you get used to it.
For me, this cloth changed my skin.
It is softer and smoother and when I apply lotion after bathing, it is even more so.<br />We should be sloughing all the time and this really does the trick.
I like the long size, but I also wish there were some square ones.
The seller took a while, but did call and did send a trinket for my wait.
Not worth all the hype.
Scratchy, horrible feeling material.
Will not purchase again.
Thankful it was inexpensive.
I started using these while living in Asia and I think everyone needs to discover these.
So much better than a loofah puff.
Slightly abrasive and big enough to wrap around yourself making it easy to wash your back
I don't want it soft.
I want something to exfoliate the **** out of my skin.
I want all the dead stuff to slough off and for my skin to feel blood coming into it and generate new cells.
And this is your back's lover in the shower.
Gets to all the itchy places and the one spot in the center you can't reach with your arms no matter how flexible you are.
Recommend it, but not if you want to baby your skin.
If want to get skin clean and have a fresh epidermis, get it.
This was EXACTLY what I've been searching for.
I absolutely adore these scrubby towels.
My skin feel so good after using them.
They're perfectly scratchy, and really lather up with even the smallest bit of soap.
I'll be buying these again for sure.
Great price and product.
Its a bit rough right out the package so just toss them in the washer and they will be just right.
Back scrubbers are useless compared to these you can get every section of your back no problem, for a fraction of the cost, and have 3 of them.
Satisfied, I will never buy a wooden brush again.
My favorite washing cloth boy far!
My esthetician recommended this brand to me and I couldn't be more satisfied with it.
I was using this for 6 months when I needed to replace it.
Instead of ordering it on Amazon, I went to Daiso and got their brand of exfoliating wash cloth.
Boy, did I regret that decision; it's not as close-knitted and very poor quality material.
After throwing out my Daiso brand one, I will continue buying these Salux ones!<br /><br />-Mrs. Farag
fairly typical for these scrub cloths.
I have been using them for years.
Not as stiff and abrasive as some (which I would prefer) They all get softer over time so I like to start at the rough end.
I can't get over how baby soft my skin is after using this.
I usually lather up soap and just use the whole thing everywhere on my body, avoiding sensitive bits and my face.
Its really managed to even out my skin tone as well.
I also have really dry skin and it gets rid of all the flakey problems too.
I scrub pretty hard but before no matter how much I loofah'd, I could still always scrape off some dead skin.
Now with this, I can never scrape anything off of my body and I like how squeaky clean I feel.
After showering, I'll apply body butter and my skin feels so delicate!
It's so amazing, I can't live without it.
Makes skin feel so soft and smooth.
These are great to use in the shower for exfoliation.
I gave one to my husband and made him throw out his gross loofah.
Love these, my skin is so soft now.
Buying more for Christmas for my family and friends.
I bought a bunch of these as Christmas gifts and everyone loves them!
They needed to be convinced, but they got used to them quickly and like the length.
The texture took a bit of getting used to because they are a bit rough.
If you are used to exfoliating and/or have ever used a loofah then this product will work for you.
It has worked for me and for my daughter.
You must exfoliate gently, do not rub vigorously.
Use very little shower gel as this lathers very well.
I purchased this to help with dry skin during the winter months.
These are the best thing ever invented.
I buy them all the time and give them away as gifts as well.
Love the size, great price.
Have been using these for several years.
Love the compliments on the health and vitality of my skin too.
I have been looking for these type of wash cloths for many years.
Once you use them, you won't switch back to a regular wash cloth.
They make you feel so clean and are refreshed.
The only reason I rated as a 4, the ones directly from Japan work better.
Not the ones made in Japan for America but the country itself.
If I had never had the opportunity to use the ones in Japan, I would have rated these a 5.
Got rid of the loofahs due to recurrent MRSA infections.
These are sanitary, washable, and although they may be a bit scratchy initially... your skin will feel so soft.
I LOVE these Salux wash cloth/towels.
They are great for exfoliating as I shower leaving my skin soft and smooth.
It's true that with enough pressure, they could probably remove the hide off of a rhino.
But if you gently wash with them you will come out with your skin feeling wonderful.
However if you go at your body like your scrubbing a concrete floor, you WILL come out feeling like you have a full body of road rash.
You will know after the first time you use a Salux how much scrubbing pressure is right for you.<br />These lather up really well then rinse quickly and completely.
Just as a suggestion, I put a small suction type towel bar inside my showers just for my Salux wash towels.
Been using these cloths for 30 plus years and give them away to my friends and family.
They’re the best for gentle exfoliating and for being able to scrub your own back.
I highly recommend them!
These are my favorite body scrubs ever.
This is the second time I am ordering these and they are amazing.
I love the versatility that these have, you can fold or bunch them up, or use them long to scrub your back!
Really just a great product and long lasting!
Purchased one, we loved it and needed more.
They exfoliate while cleaning and can be hung up for easy drying
These really do clean your skin.
At first I was shocked with the feeling, but now I really love it.
I used it once a week to exfoliate my body and it feels so good.
I love using these things.
They last for such a long time, as I rinse them out after ever use.
However if one gets dirty or doesn't feel like it did when it was new, then I just replace it.
This provides the best ALL BODY exfoliation I have ever experienced!
I gave one to my brother who is 6'4&#34; tall and struggles with back acne.
It has helped to get a deep exfoliation and he can now hit the gym and play ball without the post workout breakout!
Works for myself as well, I don't really have super exfoliation needs myself, but it just feels really good and makes my skin super soft!
my skin is super soft after just two uses.
This is the second time I purchased these.
They last a long time and do well in the washing machine (don't put in dryer).
They don't frey on the edges like some other similar products I've purchased and last a long time.
There was really nothing wrong with the ones I replaced, just thought it was time to get new ones (o:
Can't live without these!
Left mine at my boyfriend's house and I just had to repurchase back ups.
They are perfect to lather up my soap and exfoliate my whole body.
Some may find it a bit rough, they are perfect for me!
Good quality wash cloth.
These are a godsend.
Somewhat aggressive, but just what my skin needs.
I ended it cutting each of mine in half and sewing the ends because I didn't need the full length.
Easy to use, make a much better lather than my loofah did, and quick to dry.
Pretty much just an untied loofah.
They're fine, nothing special but nicer than a washcloth I suppose.
These are the best washing cloth I ever used.
I will buy thee again.
They last for more than one year.
Never felt so clean in the shower.
The size helps to get difficult to reach areas.
They are nylon, so they are a petroleum product.
Great for getting rid of strawberry or chicken skin.
Bath wash penetrates my skin better with this Japanese wash cloth.
I've just used it on my shower tonight and wow!
Does my skin absorb that body lotion so fast or I'm wrong?
Because usually my skin feels sticky after applying lotion after shower but not with the Salux!
My skin feels so soft!
Exfoliates extremely well
Heard about these and thought they were great, so I bought them and they are just wonderful.
Much better than the typical loofah.
Loofahs dont clean like the Salux does.
As someone else said already, you really don't need those top few layers of skin.<br /><br />These things are surprisingly rough but you feel silky smooth afterwards.
Unlike most exfoliating clothes, the scrub is completely effortless.
The material alone provides the exfoliation so you don't have to put any work into it which is nice.
The cloths themselves were a little bigger than I expected.
This isn't a washrag size, it's more like a hand towel.
Nice wash towel / scrub.
Lasts long, easy to use, cleans back, works with any soap, gets you clean.
material is good ..lathers well... but not sure if i enjoy...sometimes it is too rough on my skin
they are extremely scratchy and rough.
I was looking for something a little softer.
If you like them rough, then you'll like these.
Been using these for years, love them
Threw out old loofah and used one of these tonight.
Lather up very nicely and have just the right mount of rough texture to exfoliate- giving the other two as gifts- once it's wet it's very easy to fold like awash cloth- I left it long so I could do my back and shoulders, too- great product- rinses easily and dries easily
great price and love this product.
gets your body nice and clean
great price and as described
Once you use these Asian scrub cloths, there is no going back!
Lasts forever, reaches your back, exfoliates dead skin to perfection.
I gave one to my son, and keep one in every gym, swim, travel bag.
Dries in a jiffy, hangs up to dry, lasts a long time.
I wish it was a little bit longer but they're great to use.
I do not like the texture or feel of this on my skin.
No other rag like it.
keeps my skin clean and glowing with little effort.
I love the length and that i can get my back easily.
Waste of money....like scouring pads for you skin.
It really gets that dead skin moving.
It’s help erase dark spots too.
It’s a bit rough if your not careful.
I feel so clean and smooth.
After I shave I wash with it and my like silk.
Also notices it helps get those little black heads up and out.
I love love love these.
They’re coarse so they rub away at dead skin and make me feel so fresh and rejuvenated after each shower.
You can wash them in the washing machine too: cold cycle!
One lasts me about four months so this is totally worth the purchase.
I find it insanely rough, like rubbing my skin with coarse sand paper.
I might use it on a rhinoceros, but not on a human.
Yes, I lathered it up as recommended.
Where I used it on my forearm the skin appears to have developed a rash.
At my house this product is headed for the trash.
These are much rougher than I thought they would be.
They feel more like the material of a loofah than an exfoliating wash cloth.
I would never use these on my face, but they might come in handy for your feet (they are that rough).
The pink and blue are both great.
The yellow one smelled like urine or ammonia coming out of the package.
I tried to soak it in detergent to remove the smell, and it wouldn't remove.
I threw that one away, and have no idea if this is a common occurrence.
As for the blue and pink ones, they have been fantastic for the month I've been using them.
My skin is so soft and smooth.
I will likely end up cutting one into thirds to use more like a washcloth, and using the other for scrubbing my back.
I have been looking for a good cleaning product for bath time for years now.
I tried washcloths, scrub brushes, loofahs, and sponges, but none have satisfied my manly scrub time needs.
I noticed my sister's girlie looking wash ball, but never thought much about it.
Looking through Amazon, I noticed this got good reviews, so decided to take the plunge.
Lo and behold, I liked it very much.
It is made of the same material as sister's girlie balls, but it is a large manly cloth that I can proudly clean with at the gym and at home.
I just make sure to use the cool blue color at the gym and the pink one at home.
It makes a good lather and is surprisingly durable.
Great product, will buy again!
Nice , fast delivery
These are great and hold up well.
I like that they can get washed in the machine, but I air dry them so they last longer.
Great for using on elbows, back and especially legs before shaving.
Keeps skin soft and smooth!
I love these things.
Have been using them for years.
These aren't for the people with sensitive skin.
It definitely exfoliates.
Great for removing dead skin
These are rough on your skin but they do the trick.
Self-tanner goes on great after using this and I don't have a single bump or rough patch after using this.
It looks like something I'd scrub my pots with and feels like it too - but I guess it has to be.
Oh my goodness, I love, love, love, love this washcloth.
It helps get rid of all the dry skin!
My husband is not so happy, but I love it.
Effective on skin and good quality- I get replacements every few months.
Too rough and flimsy.
I was taken back, at first, because of the texture.
But , after using, I am a believer.
My skin is so soft and it is great to use before putting on my sunless tan.
It makes it go on much more evenly.
I gave one to both my daughters, (23 & 22 yr old) and they love them, too!
I have only used this product once and see/feel a big difference in my skin!
I have Keratosis Pilaris (chicken skin) on my upper arms and thighs.........
I'm sure it will continue to improve with consistent use.
The cloth has just the right amount of abrasiveness to slough off and smooth out that bumpy feeling.
This is my second time purchasing these.
Yes, they are rough but your skin is left so soft.
Excellent, so happy I found these!!
I've been looking for a exfoliating type of cloth forever!!
These are the perfect balance as far as the fibers go.
I'd definitely buy more in the future.
They are pretty large so I'll probably cut one to make it into 2 pieces and leave the other ones So they can still be used to clean our back.
You can do your face softly to scrub all the make-up off and leave your face smooth and clean.
You can use a little more pressure and smooth the rough places on your heels.
It is long enough to easily reach your back and all your body from head to foot.
It does a great job leaving your skin feeling smooth and clean.With a package of three, you can use one just for your face, one for your body and share one with someone else.
I bought more and gave them to my daughters who love them too.
Great cheap cloths if you love that &#34;scrubbed&#34; feeling after a shower!
This is an unbelievable product and I wish I had found it 30 years earlier.
I have used many different kinds of exfoliating products because my hypothyroidism makes my skin very dry.
It seems that using this would cause my skin to be drier, but this is having an opposite effect.
After using this cloth every 3 days my skin is smoothing out and it is allowing my moisturizer to work.
I will always have one of these cloths in my shower.
For bath and shower to get to all the hard to reach areas.
Will replace that sponge and washcloth for all the bubbles and suds action.
Use every day and pack when away from home.
Will buy again if the price stays lower than my purchase price/+shipping from Japan.
Great stocking stuffers or added item to a bath gift.
...because they lather up great with any soap, rinse easy, and the exfoliation feels good.
You easily clean your back.
I feel clean after using these.
Since I have been using these washcloths, I have not used cotton ones.
Had never used these before and was recommended...so why not.<br />Love the way my skin feels after bathing with these!
I've been using a salux for nearly 4 years and i don't feel clean unless I use it.
Had serious dry skin problems year-round but I don't even have to use lotion as long as I use this daily.
My boyfriend loves it, too.
Great quality, very well designed!
Best way to scrub in the shower.
Not too rough not too soft.
Shower gel lasts longer, too.
Wouldn't use any thing else.
Lasts a VERY long time
I saw this on pintrest and thought I would try them out.
These are the best, they get rid of the little bumps on your skin.
After using it you feel invigorated.
They make your skin so smooth.
I can't shower without them.
You feel like you're getting all nice and exfoliated.
its easy to use, and effective.
Haven't used it more than twice as I got them recently.
But this certainly is a cheaper version than going to a spa spending $$
The size is perfect to wash your back but this is a little too abrasive for me.
It hasn't softened up much with a month of daily use.
I wish it was a little softer
I like these cloths.
They work really well exfoliating my skin.
I received one of these years ago as a gift.
It has worked much better than I ever thought.
I bought these, am giving away two as gifts!
These are great, long exfoliating washing towels.
3 pack is nice as you can toss one in the washer and have another for a back-up or share these.
this is not the genuine product, I used this product for a long time it is not the same.
This is the best and cheapest beauty product I’ve ever purchased.
Makes my old, sun damaged skin look its best and feel super soft.
It also creates a ton of bubbles with a small squirt of shower gel.
I have used these for a long time and I love them.
They're strong, wide, long and do a great job in covering every inch of my body with soap when i'm showering.
This is a great value package because you get three.
Years ago I got a similar product from qvc.
It was thinner, but with the same texture -- just not as rough.
I mistakenly thought this was the same thing.
If you have sensitive skin, this is not a good idea.
I love this product so much.
It feels soooo nice against my skin and it exfoliates really well without hurting my skin.
I like that it's long and really flexible so that I can easily wash my back.
I feel like I use less body wash because it suds up easier and a lot more than using a wash cloth.
It rinses very easily and you can shake most of the water from it, so it dries quickly without holding water and mildewing or anything.
I gave one to my mother and father for Christmas and they love it too!
It seems durable so I don't think I'll have to repurchase it anytime soon, but if I'd get these again if needed.
These are quite long, I didn’t pay attention to the dimensions so I was a bit surprised at how large they are, b/c I was expecting more of a face-cloth size.
But they are great for washing hard to reach areas like your back, and they feel great!
My favorite bath wash set.
I grew up with these as a kid and still use these today.
I replace them every couple of months but it stays well in shape compared to the ones you find in American stores.
They are tough on the skin but once you get used to it, it will do wonders for you.<br />It helps blood circulate throughout your body and actually exfoliates and cleans your skin - not just rub things around.<br />My skin always feel super soft and squeaky clean after using them.
i have been using these for years after getting my first as a gift.
love them this package i got seems to be stiffer then previous ones but no complaints.
only wish they came larger as i am a big guy and it would be easier to get my back done without having to whip it up behind me!
These are wonderful washcloths, and a wonderful company.
They were a little too rough for my skin, I have eczema and very sensitive skin, so there isn’t much that I can use.
But if you’re skin is of normal toughness, these are a really great option.
The company is also very nice to work with, should you have any complications.
I saw the rave reviews, but I can't believe how soft my skin was after the first use!
I've already bought some as gifts.
I gave these as gifts this year at Christmas.
I was given this as a gift and I love it.
It's is long enough to do a great job on the back.
these are great for cleaning, back scratching and exfoliating and last forever.
I love these towel like cloths.
it is easy to use to wash your back and has a good texture for exfoliating your skin.
I have used for a number of years and was happy to find this sturdier version.
At first it seemed scratchy and then I washed it and I really like them.
They don't get smelly like wash cloths do and they dry real fast.
Great for washing your back.
Don't let the crenlin feel fool you, they can do damage if you are too exuberant in scrubbing.
Use on your legs first, then on more sensitive areas if you dare.
After leaving Hawaii after many years, I missed these scrub cloths.
NOBODY on the mainland USA sells these‼️ I absolutely love these cloths and I love that I can get them again.
Thank you, Amazon!<br /><br />With that said, please be VERY CAREFUL with the hard cloth.
It will take off skin if you scrub too hard.
Same ones you get in oki.
Absolutely perfect, my girlfriend has brought these back from Japan for years & I was so thrilled to find them on Amazon!!!
I use with Dr. Bronners Peppermint Castile Brady wash!
Wow, it really helps with my pain levels, dynamite on my whiplash and shoulders, hips and knees.
i have been using this salux cloth since high school of the 70s and up to now!!
i live in oahu hawaii and this is highly popular and all over the stores here in the islands, i dont like those body soap cloths, i dont feel clean, this salux body cloth is super excellent, some people say its rough, no its not, its getting use to it, now 2021, i cant live without it, i love the pink and purple wash nylon cloths of salux, my face and body feels super clean and super soft and younger looking!!!
i even tried there Hard wash cloth, its not hard its that way due to the dryness of it, but once you wash it and add soap to your nylon cloth its soft!!!!
Keeps you clean from head to toe.
This is a very good product although i would have preferred to have have it folded in half.
I sewed it so it would be in half and it works perfectly.
I found these, was not disappointed.
Feels great scrubbing all over the body and it lathers with very little soap or body wash. Its long enough to reach your whole back as your use both hands.
It rings out the water after use easily and drys fast.
It is also high quality so if you do use it everyday or aggressively it will not tear or rip
I have used these wash cloths for years and it appears that I received a knock off because the quality is way below what I have used in the past or ordered before.
It does not exfoliate, it is softer and thinner, just poor poor quality.
I am not sure what happened w/ this order but I will not order from this seller again and if needs be I will buy this product in person if I can't identify a reputable seller on Amazon.
But aggressive, so not for everybody.
It could be used as a torture devise if you scrub too hard.
Read the directions: get it wet then apply a little soap to it outside the shower stream.
Use it on wet skin outside the shower stream.
That way, a little soap goes a looooong way.
If you apply and scrub under the shower stream, it will rinse the soap right out of the scrub.
These are inherently more sanitary than loofah and a quick rinse after using is all the cleaning it needs.
Didn't Like This Product.. To Ruff on the skin.
Not as rough as I expected, but good product.
I normally use straight sugar, so I like a very rough exfoliation.
My favorite scrubbers, I even gave one to a friend and he loved it just as much!
I'll be purchasing more
I love the roughness feel of Salux.
It’s great for my trouble skin and feels so good when scrubbing my back.
It’s also very easy to keep clean just follow the instructions on the package!
My skin has cleared up tremendously since I switched from (too soft) round sponges that are sold at Walmart to Salux.
Definitely recommend for ppl who want to feel ‘the scrub’ lol.
I wasn't sure what to expect, but someone recommended this to me and I figured the price was right.<br /><br />Well.<br /><br />After one use, my skin is noticeably smoother and silkier.
It's scratchy, yes, but not painfully so.
Just scrubby-feeling.
It's long, too, so you can get your back and shoulders no problem.<br /><br />Highly recommend for anyone who'd like to get some good old-fashioned exfoliation while showering, without having to use scrubs or other products.<br /><br />Don't forget to moisturize after you use it.
Use lotion with lots of glycerin while your skin's still damp, and you'll be amazed at the results.
I love them.they are awesome.Don't hesitate to buy
these have transformed my skin.
I replace them every year just because, but they don't really ever wear out.
I gave one to my daughter and she loves it!
These are the best!!!
This is one product that's a must have.
I read about these in one of my magazines.
I'm always looking for a spa type experience in the bathroom so thought I'd give it a try.
First, this is definitely not like a soft washcloth.
The cloth has a rough texture and is intended to massage as it cleans.
I like the massaging feel of it and it definitely feels like I'm getting clean.
I do a lot of gardening and get dirt everywhere and I honestly feel like this cloth gets me completely clean.
My skin does feel exfoliated and clean with the cloth.<br /><br />You probably don't want to use these on a child or if you have super sensitive skin because a child would definitely not like it and someone with sensitive skin might exacerbate whatever their condition is.
I received these Beauty skin bath wash cloth/towels in on time and without any damage.
I just happened to stumble onto these gems.
I ordered the three pack so I could give one to my husband and sister.
My husband was like, What - you want me to do What?
I am pretty sure he maybe<br />over it for good already though he has used three times but that was because I made him so he could help me with this review.
Again he was like<br />What?
Ok I really think he is all over it now.
I will wash it up now and keep it for me, why?
Because I love it!!!!!
Yes in deed this is a keeper and I implore you to buy these because you will also love them.<br />I am not sure if you get to pick what color you get when you order only one but when you order the three pack you get one of each color.
Will be buying more as gifts.
These are really pretty nice, i use them every now and then, but my wife will use nothing else.<br /><br />Pros:<br /><br />- dry quickly<br />- very good exfoliating / cleaning properties - I do a lot of outdoorsy work, and this will really get the dirt out !<br />- don't get moldy or nasty like some of the &#34;sponge&#34; versions do - the towel form is the way to go<br />- Last for probably 4+ months each, one 3-pack is good enough for a year<br />- My wife will use nothing else, these are the jam!<br /><br />Cons: none come to mind
OMG I love these towels!
Gave them as gifts and all my friends feel the same!
Great product helps my back get rid of those itchy sections I can not reach with a regular cloth.
Rough enough to scrub the back.
Bought one from Sky Outlet Mall and one from Might Gadget both were labeled made in Japan so believe they are the real deal.
Gave to the extras to my kids so they can enjoy.
An absolute necessity!!
I have had one my entire life.
I can not live without.
The best skin scrubber in the world.
Borderline obsesive I make everyone I know have one in their home and even travel bags (just in case your normal one is wet who wants to pack that an who wants to forget it😀)
There were great reviews about these and they are all correct.
These are so much better than luffa puffs.
If you're looking for something to exfoliate in the shower these are a no brainer, for anyone really.
Exactly as described!
I give these as gifts, I love mine so much.
It is awesome at sloughing rough,dead skin.
Its like a backscratcher from heaven - the length is the key.
I can hold both ends and it is big enough to wash my back, long enough to wash my feet and my privates.
It is a touch scratchier than I'd like, but I am not going to complain.
It makes me feel confidently clean and refreshed, all over.
I started looking into exfoliating cloths/towels when I decided to start using a sunless tanner and needed to do some extreme exfoliating.
I ordered this product after reading all of the rave reviews and to be quite honest, I didn't expect much from them, but I am amazed!
I'm lucky not to have any acne on my face but I do have quite a bit all over my back.
After a couple weeks of usage, my back is looking so much better!
I just feel so clean and fresh every single time I use it and I cannot see myself not using one in the future.
I'm only mad that I'm just now discovering them!<br /><br />By the way, they do take some getting used to and may feel a bit rough at first, but believe me, your skin will thank you!
Unravel it, each end in each hand, and start scrubbing the back side...
HHHNNNNNnnnnnnnnnggggggg!!!!!
I bought a second set of these because I love them so much.
I put mine in the washing machine with no problem.
I sometimes put them in the dryer, but they dry so fast that you don't need to.
I've been using these for over 30 years.
Always thrilled with them but I did buy some fakes years ago, by accident.
The genuine brand, Salux is the only one to get.
Love that they really clean you.
Just got done giving my hubby a scrubbing with this..yes hubby...ladies if you don't do this try it.and he's a manly man..I asked him how he felt afterwards ..his response..like I need some lavender lotion and a onesie...tried others not as good this one
Great size and out performs any bath mitt or product to get 12 hours worth of factory grease off of my skin!
Holds soap well, a little goes a long way.
Read about this on a blog of top 20 amazon items under $20.... true statement.
These wash clothes are amazing.
I have not been using on my face because they seem to irratre the skin but love using everywhere else on my body.
Leaves skin silky smooth.
Even dry elbows are gone.
Have already bought and sent to family and friends as “can’t live without” gifts.
Product in great condition, exactly as described.
These are wonderful - I was very surprised by the texture.
It is perfect for my needs.
I cannot say enough great things about these washcloths.
They exfoliate your skin.
I use liquid soap and a little goes a long ways.
It allows you to reach everywhere.
I will say if you have sensitive skin, it takes a moment to get use to it, but once you know how to use them, I think you will be a fan as well.
Highly recommend and have purchased for others who love them as well.
love the way these make my skin feel after a shower.
really great for reaching those sometimes itchy spot in the middle of your back.
Durable and washable pluses all around
I've been using this all my life, bought them from asian markets, and was happy to find a good price on Amazon.
I just opened and used it and it's not the same as the one they sell at Asian markets.
This is much softer knock off version.
Original one scrubs the shi* out of you, which is what I like about it.
These clothes are great to use, but huge and impractical.
I tried cutting one into 3 pieces for more manageable use, and the cut end started fraying badly, which is what I suspected would happen.
So I am having a friend cut and sew the ends of the remaining two towels into something more wash-cloth sized.
I was really excited to try this but I found it hard to use.
The cloth is very long and even when I bunch it up I feel like I am not able to easily scrub my skin.
It tends to slide around under my hand but not on my skin.
I tried cutting it up but had the same problem.
It also frays if you cut it up.
Oh well, at least it wasn't expensive.
I love these towels.
They exfoliate well and hold up very well.
My skin has gotten so soft using these on a regular basis.
I can exfoliate as often as I want without dealing with the messy beads in my body polish.
And the amount of exfoliation is easily controlled by how much pressure you use.
I’ll be buying these regularly from now on.
It would be nice if they were smaller but like others have stated, I just fold it up.
I've used these for years but can't run to the store and grab one right now.
Tada, found them on Amazon and handed out two of them.
They have two new fans.
They scrub some of that dry flaky, dusty stuff off your skin without being too rough.
Works better than a shower puff.
Works well for my wife and I!!!!
I like this product for washing the body as it cleans much better than a towel in my opinion.
It also scratches my back in the shower.
I had another brand that was not as coarse as this one so I gave that to my wife.
These are the REAL Japanese beauty skin cloths.
I have given two away.
Now I must buy more.
I used to buy the ones from The Body Shop but these seem similar and comes in more favorable colors.
They're sturdier than the ones from The Body Shop.
Those start to unweave but these have been perfect.
I also feel like these may be rougher or made with s thicker material.
I've used these for years, and I love them.
They're long enough that it's really easy to scrub your back.
It holds soap really well.
And it is, in fact, quite scrubby.
It gets your skin very clean.
Wash cloths and those little poofs don't really exfoliate as much as I'd like and if you use this you never feel like you're getting out of the shower with a film on your skin.
They spray, hang dry, and pack down really easily and they don't ever seem to smell or anything like some of the cloths do
LOVE this product makes your skin tingle and you actually feel clean....it will feel abrasive to the skin but it brings your blood to the surface and has helped in poor circulation in my leg
Been using Salux for the last 28 years.
Loofah and synthetic sponges never worked for me.
Wish I hadn't bothered.
But probably fits the purpose.
My own fault for buying - no real purpose in my world.
A little too rough for me to exfoliate.
Best shower I ever have!
Love love love these things.
I use daily on my legs and has completely stopped the ingrown hairs and bumps on my legs
I don't think I'll ever shower without these wash cloths again.
They are scratchy but in the best way, and really helped my husband's back clear up fast.
They're big enough to grip with both hands and scrub across your back and wash out and dry quickly.
I definitely recommend these to everyone I know.
Trade in your back brushes and buy these.
I go through all three towels in a week.
If you have long hair, pin it up in the shower or it will get caught when you're trying to use these in the shower.
Use it just like you're drying off your back.
You put some bodywash on and it really helps.
This is probably the only product that has helped the most in getting rid of the pimples on my back.
The number of small bumps on my back has greatly decreased and the size of the bigger bumps has gone way down.
These towels are very versatile and allow you to get at your back from multiple angles.<br /><br />They're also not just for backs!
If you have any bumps on your arms (like I have, my whole life) this is really great for that, too.
You can use this anywhere on your body.
These are AMAZING!!!!
If you only shower with soap, you need to purchase these.
It rids your body of dead skin and leaves your skin looking youthful and clean!<br /><br />The product does feel scratchy at first, but after three uses the cloths soften up.
This exfoliating scrub is excellent!
I was told that with the bar soaps you should use one of these.
Now I’m saying where have to been all my life, it does such a good job!
started using these when I was in Hawaii.
they do a great job of exfoliating the dead skin off the body.
I like this item so much I get it all auto delivered
As some other reviewers have mentioned, this will seem really rough the first few times you use it but your skin will get used to it and you'll enjoy the feeling of clean.
Leave skin really soft too.
They are great if you follow the instructions.
Cause the soap to really lather up.
Much better than a wash rag.
Extra long for back washing.
Super scrubbing and easy to use, perfect size .
We love it and it is what we needed.
Glad to find a source for these.
Great for exfoliating in the shower.
This are the best body scrubs
This is just what I needed to get the old follicles off .
and this will do the job perfectly.
you feels so clean and cool.
I buy these multiples times a year.
The nylon does not soften, leaving it to exfoliate your skin without getting dull with use.
I have problematic skin (breakouts and scars) this washcloth helps eliminate those trouble areas and even prevents future breakouts because of how well it removes dirt and oil.
I didn't rate for softness bc they are not supposed to be soft!
These are sturdy and dry fast.
Good for exfoliation in the shower
These are the best - I keep plenty on hand because I tend to give them to friends and family so they can see for themselves why I like these so much.
Great for soft exfoliated skin
Doesn't seem to give more lather like the claim it feel any better than a loofah
I have been using Salux washcloths for twenty years and hate when I travel and don't have it with me; I don't feel clean without it!
Some friends of mine recommended this as a great exfoliating/scrubbing option.
I find poufs too soft and like quite a bit of texture when I'm showering.
This is a large nylon webbed cloth that you fold up to approximately the size of a sponge.
The webbed weave of the cloth means soap foams up quickly and stays on for awhile (though it can easily be rinsed off, simply by opening it up fully).
The nylon means it is excellent at exfoliating dead skin cells and scrubbing the skin.
I find it similar and bigger than the Norwex netted dish cloth, for those who have tried that.
Interesting, my husband finds it almost *too* textural.
The value for a 3-pack is amazing, since this will last for quite a while.
I've been using these for years and always get complimented on how pretty and soft my skin looks.
This is hands down the best exfoliating rag you can get out there.
Washing your back is a breeze with these.
I used to get these at the asian market but was glad to see that I could now purchase them online.
My item came fast and was well made.
It should hold up a long time.
I definitely recommend this purchase and this seller.
I love a rough scrub cloth.
That soft crap at Target just wont do.
I need something that scrubs my skin clean.
My skin cells produce at a faster rate.
And i end up with dead skin over night pretty easy.
This is also great for exfoliating your lips too!
For those that enjoy near sandpaper these are perfect.
This is what I've been looking for!!!
Was using a similar product from Target but they changed the product to where it gets soft after a few uses.
This maintains the rough texture I want.
I'm very happy I found this!!
Great to scrub my back
Not a pleasant way to wash.
Great product,I have purchased these for friends, will soften a bit over time with regular usage, but it's not cotton.
Great exfoliation, my skin feels like butter after every use,its even added in the removal of some of my skin tags.
You get used to the feel or it gets softer after ever use.
It exfoliates the skin.
Would not recommend.
Do you have an H-Mart or any Asian grocery store chain near you?
If you do, just go to that store and purchase these.
They will be much cheaper at the store and you can buy some excellent food as well.<br /><br />Otherwise, these are great!
My skin feels so much better after using this and I feel completely clean.
I’ve only been using in the summer months, so my skin hasn’t been too dry.
The big test will be using this is the winter.<br /><br />Pros: excellent<br />Cons: overpriced online.
Now with this wash cloth i can clean my back easily 😂❤️..
I loved it it’s make my skin clean and smooth even my family loved this wash cloth 👍🏻❤️
These little cloths are amazing !<br />First ... they feel great on my skin.
They aren't supposed to be soft - cause they are an exfoliant.
But they were special, indeed.
I don't know why.<br />Second, they were able to easily remove paint stuck on my hands.<br />Third - I recently bought a new shirt and stained it imnediately.<br />I tried everything.
So I thought about those little cloths.
The shirt is perfect now.<br />Lastly, I have a fancy black toilet that has always had a huge white ring due to calcification.
I was told to use Lime Away.
I did -and used every kind of cloth and sponge.
But no luck.<br />So, I thought about the little cloths again.
It - plus the Lime Away cleaned years of hard water calcification.<br />They are kind of miraculous.
Seems like quality has diminished over time...
I love these exfoliating towels but the most recent lot isn't as exfoliating as the previous ones I've purchased over the years.
These seem much lighter and not as coarse as before.
Still, highly recommend and use them every day.
These are just what I wanted and well worth the money, very good quality.
I purchased what I thought was a good product at a name brand store and they fell apart.
These will be the ones I buy from now on.
The best bath scrubbers anywhere.
These are the real ones.
I'm not fond of the colors but they work and me and the kids know whose is whose.
They work well, but quite honestly I don't understand the cult following of these.
However, they're cheap, so if you feel like trying them you won't be out much.
My skin has not been as smooth as a baby's butt since I was a baby.
But after using these wash cloths, I am as smooth as a baby's butt!
Just don't scrub too hard, because it does scrub really well.
I love the size & it does lather liquid soap or bar soap fairly easily, so you don't need to use that much.
I'm glad it came with 3 so I can share.
These were a lot rougher than I was expecting.
Might work for some people but it hurt too much for me.
The best out of many I've tried through the years and I'm using it exclusively for several years now since I came across it.
This one is a keeper.
Just make sure that you get the original and not a cheap imitation.
I've ordered a dozen of them, although each one will easily last you for months with regular / daily use.
Gave a couple to my mum and sis.
Not too harsh, not too soft, just right.
It does a great job exfoliating the surface dead skin cells away; the scrub also helps with (blood) circulation, leaving at the end of your wash the largest body organ (your skin!)
feeling really clean and rejuvenated!
Makes ample of foam with a small amount of soap on it and maintains it well throughout your wash. A couple of little tips: Wet thoroughly the scrubber before applying soap on it (use soap sparingly on it, a little amount goes a long way with this scrubber as I've happily discovered - you save on soap too!)
After you apply soap on the scrubber, shut your shower off during the scrubbing process, otherwise the running water can and will readily and easily wash the foaming soap away from the scrubber.
These are the best for the shower!
They're not soft, they're there to buff your skin but they scrub nicely and the soap rinses off it easily and cleanly.
They're long enough so you can scrub your back easily too!
Plus they dry really fast and stay clean longer than poufs.
We have been using these for years and love them!
They feel a little scratchy the first week you use them then soften up.
They dry quick which makes them much more hygienic then a loofah.
They also seem to need less soap to make a lather.
Most importantly, they are awesome for scrubbing your back!
A friend turned me on to these about 5 years ago.
Wouldn't use anything else.
Durable, inexpensive and fantastic for scrubbing your skin until it shines.
These clean up beautifully and last forever.
Love the cost, the size, the exfoliating properties.
I found these years ago at an Asian market.
I wore mine out, but it took me a decade to wear it out.
So glad to have found a replacement.
Really invigorating feeling.
Nice product to exfoliate skin.
Dries really quickly.
I give these as gifts.
They may not seem like much but NOTHING will make your skin softer or give you a more pleasurable showering experience.
I tried Loofahs and they mostly become floppy when wet and slide over my skin vs scrubbing.
Washcloths, microfiber cloths, etc.
None of them left my skin feeling as gently exfoliated as these bath towels do.
Plus they're long enough to reach behind me without elbow gymnastics like the back brushes which require a certain amount of leverage to do more than lightly caress between the shoulders.
For someone with carpal tunnel and a shoulder injury, these wash cloths are amazing!
These are the best thing since sliced bread.
Do yourself a favor and throw out your disgusting bacteria-harboring skin loofahs.
Not only will these exfoliate your skin more than loofahs, but you can toss em in the washer and keep using them pretty much till they tear.
I used to have little bumps all over my upper arms (there's a name for this skin condition but I can't remember now), and these totally smoothed them away.
surprisingly, I also like them for exfoliating my face/lips on occasion, and they seem to help exfoliate stretch marks too.
Overall a 10/10 for me, I will buy these forever.
My roommate uses these and got me hooked on them.
I can't use anything else now.
Great for exfoliating, and I feel really clean.
We had a few of these already.
3 pack is a nice family pack size.
Highly recommend these cloths!
Having several different colors is nice as well.
While I find it a bit big I LOVE this thing!
The scrub it gives is amazing!
Luv these bath cloths..
They are great at keeping my skin exfoliated an feeling smooth...
It gets rid of that dead skin with every shower.
Would definitely order again.
I use this in the shower every day; even on my face.
It leves ny skin feeling smooth.
Highly recommend it.
These washcloths felt a bit scratchy the first time I tried them, but now I love them and they give me such smooth skin!
The long size is perfect for reaching your whole back.
I can even use them on my face if I don't scrub hard, but my skin can tolerate a decent amount of physical exfoliation.<br /><br />The colors may not match your bathroom decor (the yellow is practically fluorescent!)
but they work great!
I love these towels!
I've tried exfoliation things like this before and nothing has even compared to the strength of these towels.
Seriously, I've tried everything to work on the dry, flaky skin all over my body and this is a god send.
My skin is soft, no longer flaky, and it feels like lotion actually absorbs!
This product does take much room in the shower and drys without getting mildewed
Simply the best exfoliation ever.
Initially it does feel a bit rough, but as you use it more often you'll never feel clean unless you use this product.
These Salux clothes are great and I've been using them for years.
This is a good price plus the convenience of being delivered straight to my door instead of needing to find an Asian grocery store that carries them.
These towels are amazing they really clean the dirt from your skin with very little soap the towels really exfoliate the skin and really leaves me feeling extremely clean these are the same towels that are used in the Asian bath houses
Supposedly purchasing these off Amazon is hit or miss due to high volume of fakes but my product was 100% genuine and they work wonderfully.
My skin is nice and smooth after a shower and I wouldn't use any other product to wash my body.
used to hate these growing up because they were so hard and scratchy and now that I'm older I love them because they slough off the dead skin wonderfully.
I guess that means I'm getting old...
Salux brand Japanese exfoliating scrubby cloths are the best product!
Love the texture, makes a great gift for yourself or for friends, I often add a bar of good soap to my gift baskets for pampering!
The best quality, but I do wish they had the softer quality too that you can use on the face, but Amazon only seems to carry the medium and hard texture quality of this washcloth.<br /><br />This one is medium texture that is the most popular for the body!<br /><br />This helps you to be squeaky clean!<br /><br />This is the only wash cloth I've been using my whole life!<br /><br />There is no substitute!
They feel so good on your skin.
I want a pink and blue two pack, but oh well.
I received this bath wash a few days ago and I thought this was a really great product.
It has a delicate touch and amazing smell which makes the whole area smell better.
These are great for exfoliation!
Lathers easily, does a great job of scrubbing, and since it's a wash cloth and not a ball or something on a stick, it's easy to clean your back and scrub your body.
Can't believe I didn't buy this sooner.
Never going back to a loofa.
It's easy to rinse suds off after use, dries fast, and doesn't hold odors.
Great product and service from source.
This is a reorder for holiday gifts to introduce more to the product that I am so pleased to have received and use almost daily.
I hope to find cloth in the future.
These are alright but made of very cheap nylon.
DON'T BUY FROM BBC Rin Co.
FAKE PRODUCTS!<br /><br />About BBC Rin Co: First of all - SLOW shipping...second, it is NOT an authentic Salux.
It is a cheap F A K E. Then they had the nerve to require that I pay shipping to return.<br /><br />As for the authentic product - life save for dry skin and absolutely amazing.
You will never go back to anything else.
pretty colors, great size, dries fast, and works just like it says.
They are definitely good for exfoliating, and the long length makes it easy to get your own backside.
They also dry quickly.<br /><br />I do think they’re a bit overpriced for what they are (basically just plastic), so I think in the future I will just go back to buying exfoliator product in a tube because it will create less waste.
Have been using them for years.
They really help to exfoliate and keep the skin smooth and soft.
Fabulous for the back.
yummmmmmmmmmy it's so energizing
Best lofas on the face of the planet last forever and clean well asian people are genuis
Loving this product and how my skin feels.
Have now tossed all my other bath items except my washcloth for my face.
Can easily be washed (would suggest in laundry bag) and reused).
Smoothest skin I’ve ever had!Love this product!
Have used these for many years!
Discovered them on a vacation in Hawaii.
Excellent exfoliator, and especially convenient when you don’t have someone to wash your back in the shower!
Also a quality product and good price.
Use as gift and pass on this item.
Men, women, kids all like this product.
Replaces back scratcher, &#34;luffa&#34; and bath brush.
Make sure it's the real deal from Japan.
I'm gonna say it straight - there are really no cons to this product.<br /><br />PROS<br />+cheap (price is OK here but cheap as heck in Asian stores - $1 to $4)<br />+durable (I've used mine for 3.5 years so far and this cloth still gets me mighty smooth and soft)<br />+foamy - so easy to lather up foam with shower wash!<br />+dries quickly because it's not cotton - an hour to air dry completely<br />+IT WORKS - I use it to exfoliate under my armpits and down there - both these are areas where I use an epilator and I'd get multiple ingrown hairs.
I have, maybe, one to two ingrowns since I've started using these; I use gentle circular motions when I'm washing my arms, legs, neck,etc.
but scrub more vigorously in those areas with concern for ingrowns.
This cloth works better than any false promises by creams and other wash cloths<br />+Many colors (green, pink, blue, yellow) - I've gotten my sisters hooked and we each use a specific color so as to not get confused!<br />+can wash in washer and dry in dryer -it's resilient<br /><br />Buy it now.
Amazing product, does what it claims and removes tons of dead skin and CAN help those with folliculitis.
www.reddit.com/r/skincareaddiction
Ahhh.. there's nothing like a fresh salux cloth to brighten your day, and your complexion!
These are the &#34;normal&#34; roughness which are about 5x rougher than the ones you'll find in supermarkets and they are serious exfoliators so go easy if it's your first time otherwise you'll end up looking embarrassed/sunburned for a few days.
Dries quickly with better design than &#34;poofs&#34;.
These cloths really get your circulation going.
They are &#34;rough&#34;.. but didn't scratch me and they are great for getting rid of dry, dead skin all over your body.
the cloths were large and seem durable and well made.
they are a good value too.
Thank goodness I found these.
Can't live without one, used one for years till I lost it.
Started using them after daughter brought them back from Japan, M y friends benefit from receiving the other two, now they order them for friends and families.
Like showering with sandpaper
My Japanese exchange student gave me one a long time ago and now I've found them myself!
I give them as gifts.
I've tried a few different brands and types of these scrubby towels, and this one is hands down the best!
It's thick enough but not too thick; the perfect size to be folded up and used as a washcloth or stretched out to get your back; and its the right roughness to make you feel well scrubbed and soft.
Got these as a more hygienic alternative to my poof sponge.
I can throw it in a delicates washing bag and toss in the washing machine to clean.
They are a little more exfoliating than I anticipated, though, so I have to be careful not to press too hard or I end up with a scratch or two, and it isn't good to super-exfoliate every day.
Seems to keep soap lathered up well and the length is good for getting a lovely back scratch/wash.
My husband even likes using one now and then.<br /><br />Minus one star because there is no loop or anything for hanging on a hook in the shower and instead I have to poke a little hole in the cloth.
I have frequently seen these recommended, and decided to try them.
I really feel that my skin is not only cleaned but exfoliated.
No more dry elbows--use these in the shower and add cream later.
Even in the harsh winter, my skin is great.
These exfoliating cloths are really great for your skin.
I struggle with ingrown hairs on my legs, and have found that if I scrub really good with these at least every other day the condition is greatly lessened.
They have also helped alleviate my keratosis pilaris (chicken skin) on my upper arms.
Very nice wash cloths - better alternative to those loofas as you can rinse out well and throw in the washer.
Makes skin very soft and you feel very clean after using them.
I'm a fan but there's a bit of a learning curve.
They are quite large and long.
I actually cut one into four but it unraveled quickly so I had to hem the ends.
(Don't cut unless you want to hem.)
They are wonderful for scrubbing and exfoliation.
It's also easy to scrub the parts of the body that are difficult to reach by yourself.
I bought a pack for my mom and she likes them too.
Also, IT DOESN'T SMELL.
I think I've been using mine for about five weeks and it has no hint of mildew smell.
I should probably throw it in the wash...
I don’t know why there’s a rating for softness...these are hard and great for exfoliating!
My skin is so soft now thanks to this product.
After a month or two I’d replace them, as they are no longer gritty...and I suppose for sanitary purposes.
My girl friend loves them so I bought her some more
These wash clothes are great.
They exfoliate well and my skin is so soft.
These clothes are coarse so gentle scrubbing is enough to remove rough spots.
It’s also long enough that you can easily scrub your back.
They do not easily fall apart/unravel like loofahs plus you can launder them.
I have one and gifted another to a friend.
We both enjoy the the extremely smooth skin we're left with.
The length also is a plus, it gets into the hard to reach places.
The cloth is pretty hard and rough at first, so you have to gently scrub yourself for the first week.
It will wear off at time goes on.
You will need to put more and more pressure to exfoliate and it feels good when you do.
For those who shave, this is a must-have because it helps to exfoliate before you shave to get a better shave.
You will know when to replace your cloth, 1 - 3 times a year, depending on your preference.
It is better to have this cloth than loofa, bacteria is less likely to build up.
These Japanese washcloths keep skin smooth when used frequently for exfoliation.
They lather well and dry out completely between uses.
Much more sanitary than standard shower poufs and they last longer too.
They feel slightly abrasive just like a salt scrub or any other exfoliant would.
You can throw them in the washing machine if you want.
I ordered these &#34;Sold by JapanSuperMall and Fulfilled by Amazon&#34; and they are in fact the real deal, Made in Japan Salux cloths.
Not really much to say about them that hasn't been said already, but these are a definite five star product - I'm about as far from &#34;girly&#34; or worried about &#34;beauty&#34; as you can get, but these are still my go to skin maintenance cloth.
Far superior to the scrubby puff things and so vastly superior to a cotton washcloth that I don't even own any of the latter anymore.
It was a sad day when my local Asian grocery stopped carrying these, but fortunately Amazon is there to take care of me.<br /><br />If there's a better product out there I'm willing to try it, but so far this is the very very best that I have found, anywhere.
All of them are too rough for human skin, as far as I'm concerned.
Maybe they would be good to buy if you plan to use them on your feet alone.
I LOVE this cloth, it has all but cured my KP and my skin is SO smooth now!
The backs of my legs have always been covered in tiny bumps and I've tried almost everything but this cloth works the best!
I thought using it *almost* every day would irritate my skin but it hasn't.
Definitely going to be something I use for a long time.
Ahhh....the exfoliating goodness of a Japanese wash cloth.
They're a bit scratchy at first, but they mellow out after a few uses.
They're a good length so it's easy to wash your back.
I like these for the exfoliating, but also because the nylon dries so much quicker than a cloth washcloth, which is especially nice if you live in a humid environment.
They are great.they are better than those buff balls people use.
I am colonized with MRSA, so I try my best to have things clean.
This includes not having a gross loofa that harbors bacteria.
These scrub well, lather any soap, I rinse them out and hang them up and they're dry in a few hours.
Every few weeks I toss them in the washer and dryer and put back in the shower.
My last set lasted me over 5 years, through 3 moves!
Way more abrasive for way longer than the western ones you get at the store.
These are amazing if you are looking for a full body exfoliating product that isn’t a scrub , they are alittle ruff but if you put alittle soap and warm water they soften alittle .
10/10 product<br />These were delivered on time and in perfect condition will definitely be buying from this seller again 10/10 experience
Ouch- these are VERY abrasive.
I've used one of them twice now, and have been unhappy both times.
I'm completely in love with this product.
I used to have this weird patch of discoloration in between my thighs .
since I'm right handed I would always go to the left thigh first.
Since using this product the patch is completely gone and I've only used it about 3 times!
I'm startin on my right thigh now and I'm checking everyday for changes in the patch.
These work great as body and back scrubber.
Can be tossed in wash to clean.
Hangs to fully dry between use.
I can scrub my skin, my skin feels better, the clothes are awesome!
Several years ago these cloths were perfect for exfoliating my skin.
Now they are way too soft but would be good for someone with extremely sensitive skin.
These are excellent at exfoliating!!!!
I absolutely love these.
They are long enough to wrap around you to wash your back.
After using my skin felt fabulous!
Will keep these on my list to reorder and give as gifts also!!
I have always been a faithful exfoliator with brushes and scrubbers, but these are on another level.
I gave one to my mom and she loves it too.
I will never be without again.
I love these washcloths and have used them for years.
I did not mark them high for softness - they are great for exfoliation and for me, I don’t like exfoliating cloths that are “soft”.
Nor did I give high marks for “moisturizes” - depends on the soap you use!
But you can use less of it and get a rich lather!<br /><br />I highly recommend the Salux brand cloths and this seller - Makerstep.
The order was fulfilled quickly and accurately and customer service was excellent.
My boyfriend loves it.
It is a bit rough for me, so I only use it for exfoliating, not washing.
No, this is a great scrubbing cloth.
Exfoliation and clean skin.
My mom always bought these in Japan town when I was little and they’re my favorite washcloths!!!
Only purchase the ones made in Japan, anything else will be a weak rip off.
I've been using these in my shower for months now.
You have to be careful because these can scratch and cut your skin.
Aside from that, I love the refreshed feeling after the shower as these really do slough off dead skin.
I've seen some of my scars fade a little so that is a bonus in my book.
My daughter gets &#34;chicken bumps&#34; on the back of her arms.
We bought these to exfoliate the skin when she showers.
It has made a significant improvement.
We also avoid gluten and with the combo, the bumps are nearly gone.
Great Service<br />Great Product
Top notch, make sure you get the ones made in Japan as the Chinese ones are a very poor imitation.
I have given several of these as gifts and my friends are still thanking me.
Just enough scrub without being abrasive.
It's a little stiff at first, but loosens up as you use.
I was not prepared for this thing.
I had no idea it was a scratchy wash cloth!
My doctor told me to order it.
I might have gone to hard with it on my back.
Be gentle when you use it!
It does feel good, and exfoliates the crap out of you.
Nice scrubbing towel that's quick to rinse and dry.
Length is long enough to get a good scrubbing behind the shoulder blades and mid back.
Feels very clean afterwards.
Will keep buying in the future.
I do not like the soft one so this hard scrub clothes which is what I am looking for.
Doesn't feel like the real Salux scrubbers
These are great for exfoliating at home!
Nice enough to use on your face too.
I have used this product before and it needed to be replaced as it started falling apart after 3 or so years...happy to find this still available.
These are a staple in my showers.
It may take some getting used to, but once you do...Ahhhhh...great scrubbing cloth!
I have purchased Salux Nylon Japanese Beauty Skin Bath Wash Cloths before from other sources, but these cloths that I purchased from Amazon.com are my favorite.
They seem much more &#34;scratchy&#34; than previous ones I've owned and I have discarded my nylon net pouf in favor of using them.
I don't know if Salux manufactures their towels with different levels of abrasiveness, but I definitely like the firmer texture of these.
Will buy again.<br /><br />Update: After a bit of poking around the web, I realize that these Salux are often counterfeited.
I think ones I previously purchased from another source must have been counterfeits.
These Salux wash cloths are clearly superior and do not feel like they're &#34;worn down&#34; with use.
I recommend them highly!
Cleans/exfoliates better than anything else I've tried.
Easy to rinse out, and quick drying, too.
Have used/loved these for YEARS.
Best scrubbing you'll ever get.
I love these clothes because I feel clean and can scrub without being left raw.
At the same time, they are not too soft.
Perfect for feeling exfoliated.
Also, they work up a nice bubbly lather w/any soap.
What good is a soapy bath w/o some bubbly fun?
Baby soft skin like you wouldn't believe.
Cheap and effective.
I machine wash it once a week (they launder beautifully) and then it's good to go for another week's use.
Happy with the product
these make your skin so soft and make it soooo easy to wash your back
What can you say about a washcloth.
It is thin and scratchy but does an amazing job at buffing your skin.
I like that it is nonporous so I don't have to worry about it getting funky.
Would like them to come in a darker color for guys.
these are my go to wash cloths
Love these wash cloths.
I am able to cleanse my body much easier than using any other product.
These are hard to find in stores in the US.
Product performs as expected.
The wash cloth I grew up with in Korea.
Always though it was korean.
Lol<br />Nothing scrubs the back better.
Can’t shower without it once you use it.
This is great at making your soap last a long time, keeping you clean, and bringing you to exfoliation heights that you never knew you needed.
I was skeptical at first, stuck in my own way with loofas and washcloths.
This changed the game for sure.
Give it a try and you'll be hooked.
For men, go over you no-no area gently.
I love these, I use the pink one daily and this is a great bargain.
My skin is so much softer now.
there's definitely a learning curve to these, but i'm really enjoying my experience thus far!
my skin is soft & i feel very clean.
i love how big it is, perfect for all those hard to reach spots.
i also love that i can toss it in the wash!
feels so much more hygienic than a traditional loofah.
I bought these for my kids and husband.
They all get a bit of acne on their backs and these have definitely helped.
It's best to use it as directed, and gently, as to not irritate the acne thats already there.
I've used an Italy towel and various other scrubby things for a while, but had yet to try the Salux.
I actually like this much better than the Italy towel.<br /><br />- It lathers MUCH better--Italy towel had a problem with dispersing lather while also effectively scrubbing<br />- It delivers more of a &#34;clean&#34; feeling and leaves your skin so soft<br />- It isn't harsh and the gentle scratching feels great on skin<br />- It's really effective on feet, bum, and back<br />- ESPECIALLY on back!
It's the best back-cleaner i've tried due to the size and length<br /><br />I know it's overpriced for what it is ($4 for a nylon towel that you can get for $1 in Korea?
), but I'll gladly pay the &#34;import fee&#34; in order to keep using this.
Considering that most loofahs are $2 and definitely won't last as long as this, it's a price I'm willing to pay.
Great to exfoliate skin in the bath or shower.
i love these, perfect for exfoliating
I used to get these all the time, but disappointed with my most recent order.<br />They seem thinner.
These cloths are so great for exfoliation.
No longer need to use a body scrub.
They're a bit harsh on the first use, but they soften up.
Wash them once every few uses, and ditch having a loofa!
Plus, you only need a little soap when using these.
We really like these, have some for the whole family.
However one out of six came with the seam coming apart, that's the one I use.
Too much trouble to send back and exchange it but it hasn't caused further degradation with the seam missing.
I'm thinking the seam is more to satisfy our expectation that clothes, clothing and such require seams to keep them from unraveling than to prevent to actually prevent this the product from fraying.
Started using this these washcloths as a teenager, buying them in Hawaii at a Japanese department store.
It wasn't until recently that I've been able to find these washcloths here on the mainland.
Although similar washcloths are now commercially available, these are still the best--they last a long time, and the texture does not &#34;soften&#34;.
These are great in many ways but I’d really like it if they had something that isn’t so abrasive.
I love it on my body but would like to also exfoliate my face just not with something so harsh.
If you like that scrubbed clean feeling or exfoliate regularly, this is the product for you.
Its like a sugar scrub you can use all over without getting goopy or clogging your drain.
Its almost like a scratchy dish pad for your skin, but its not so abrasive that it hurts or leaves marks.
Although if you have very sensitive skin, obviously, this is not the thing for you.
Its a nice roughness though and it really does feel like I'm 50% cleaner than with a washcloth or shower pouf.
It takes off extra dead skin, dirt and oil, and kind of wakes my skin up so I feel rejuvenated.
I use it with Dr. Bronner's lavender liquid soap and its so relaxing (closest thing I get to a spa day these days!)
I had no idea this simple item would change my daily shower so much but I really love it!
These are great, it's amazing how the soap suds cling to them,
Love this and recommend.
Skin is baby soft after using
They take off a lot of old skin and do what they're supposed to.
Great little exfoliating towels.
They are not soft, and it does not feel nice while using them, but they do their job.
Great size--nice and large, which makes it easy to use for cleaning your back.
It does a great job exfoliating and getting rid of rough patches.
It is rougher than I thought it would be, though--definitely rougher than a poof or a microfiber cloth and more on par with a loofah.
It never gets mildewy and dries really fast, as it's basically textured plastic fabric.
I used these for a few weeks, but ended up throwing away.
They are useful, but a simple loofah does the trick, and these are not easy to hang around the shower...Unfortunately, I wouldn't buy again.
This is an amazing product!
My skin feels refreshed and sooo clean!!!
So easy to use, and rinses easily.
I gave one to my Bestie, and she thinks so too!
Makes skin softer and its easier to wash my back now.
I love these body cloths.
Scrubby material of some kind, they dry fast, and gently scrub away any ruff skin.
My skin is soft and smooth after using.
It seems to absorb lotion better, I also use one on my face, I like it better than my Clarisonic.
This is a must have if you self tan.
Scrub your body, especially knees, ankles and elbows!
It gives a smooth even self tan application.
These also last a very long time.
I have used one for about a year, then I recycle it into a scrub cloth for cleaning the shower etc....<br />Can't beat these!
Fabulous for getting suds and exfoliating my skin.
Easy to scrub your entire back because its long enough to do the reach.
Once you use these you'll never go back.
Not too soft, not too hard.
I love these cloths!
They help the cleansers to really suds up well, and the long length is great for washing my back.
I wrap it around myself, take an end in each hand, and then rub back and forth.
It's really doing a great job of helping eliminate my seborrheic keratosis.
The cloths also seem very durable.
Great back scrubber if you get tired of loofah sponges falling off the handle.
Good for all body parts above and below the equator.
If you know what I mean and I think you do.
Great product love it
In literally 2 days this got rid of bumps on my inner thigh/knee area that I’ve had since I was 12!
Telling everyone about it....
I wish I had gotten these years ago.
One molded instantly the other is lasting longer.
These are perfect for washing your entire body.
These shouldn't be soft, they should be rough.
They are supposed to exfoliate skin!
This isn't the best brand of these, and they don't last long.
If you've never tried this Japanese bath cloth then your skin is missing out.
My skin has never felt so clean and refreshed.
I bought the 3 pack, because I'll never buy a loofa again!
These are the super scrubby type of these wash clothes, I like that but if you have sensitive skin beware!
Nice to get a 3-pack so you can put one in the shower, the gym bag and the travel kit (for trips).
I don't want to oversell it soooo...THESE ARE THE GREATEST WASHCLOTHS EVER!
I had no idea what it was like to feel clean, I guess.
These leave you squeaky, smooth and your skin stimulated and tingly.
I use it on my face as well and my forehead area is noticeably smoother.
I will never be without these again and am building a little stockpile.
If you want something to exfoliate your body in the shower these are it.
Keeps the lather going but rinses really easy one you want to rinse it off, and again great exfoliation.
This is one of many others I have ordered in the past.
My family uses this and I renew them every couple of months.
I only could find this in Hawaii, now I don't have to travel so far.
I am so undecided about this product.
It feels like I'm bathing with needles, but I definitely am more exfoliated.
It's like a hot cat scratch all over my body.
Uncomfortable, but it works
I cannot shower using a regular washcloth anymore.
These are great for exfoliating your skin.
nice exfoliating wash cloth.
my skin is nice and smooth now.
These wash cloths are wonderful.
You feel so clean after using one.
Everything squeaks and all the dead skin is down the drain.
(I give these as *small* gifts to people I really care about.)
I used to buy this all the time in Honolulu.
It is by far the best exfoliating cloth.
I don't feel clean without it.
It's a bit rough at first, but it's a great exfoliator and it will soften up a bit with use.
I am sorry, but they do not suds well nor do they give my skin any exfoliation.
I'm a long-time fan/user of Salux wash cloths.
This was my first purchase of these cloths via Amazon, which I purchased due to their excellent value/price.<br /><br />Salux cloths are brilliant for both washing and exfoliating, especially hard-to-reach places such as your back.
The cloth rinses easily and completely, dries quickly and never any odor.<br /><br />The 3-pack of Salux wash cloths that I received via Amazon were original, authentic and identical to those that I purchased locally.
These have just the right texture for me.
They are long-lasting and a generous size as well.
Highly recommend these bath wash clothes to anyone who hasn't tried them.
I have been using them for many years and have been having trouble finding them lately.
Glad to see they are right here.
My husband and I don’t use anything else for showers.
I grew up using these in Hawaii and was so glad to see that they were available on Amazon.
They’re super durable and allow you to get a good wash to your own back.
We use about 2 every year and throw ours in with our wash frequently…they last well!
Why didn’t I buy this product earlier?
Look no further ... this is an awesome product.
Would recommend to everyone.
Needs to be maybe 6 inches longer.
Otherwise it's exactly what I was looking for.
These are fantastic.
You can scrub your whole body.
Makes you feel like you left a spa after showering with these.
This is the only thing i use for my shower.
Makes gel more sudsy so you use less and exfoliates better than Lancome Exfolliance or Bath &Body Stress Relief.
Throw it in the washer with bleach to clean and it will last years.
My boys love it too for scrubbing the stink off dirty feet.<br />DON'T BUY SUBSTITUTES.
They are not near as good as the Salux.
Even my kids noticed the difference.
Love this affordable body exfoliator!
Better than any body scrub!
Used these Japanese prize winning cloths for decades.
I give them for gifts.
These cloths were bought for exfoliating;they wouldn’t help scratch a mild itch,let alone actually exfoliate!
Wife and my girls love this item..Will order again..thank you..
If you've never used this - do your skin a favor and buy one.
I have used these for years and when I recently ran out I was in a state of anxiety till my shipment arrived.
My skin does not feel clean unless I use this cloth.<br />Some find them too abrasive but if you can tolerate body scrubs with salt/sugar you can use this cloth.
Washable so they cut down on waste.
These things are great.
I've never felt so smooth and clean.
I kept one and gifted two and everyone is thrilled.
Will def buy again in the future.
DO NOT USE ON YOUR FACE!!!
These cloths are pretty abrasive, they probably aren't the greatest for delicate or sensitive skin either.
Great length and really durable.
These things are great, full stop.
I have tried and thrown away many kinds of scrubbing cloths and pads, either because they were ineffective or too irritating, or because they became unsanitary in the damp environment of the shower room.
These cloths have just the perfect level of abrasiveness to exfoliate without irritation (they feel stimulating rather than scratchy).
The mesh-like fabric rinses completely clean and drains and dries quickly.
I bunch up the soapy cloth to scrub arms, legs and feet (they are wonderful for scrubbing feet) and use it at full length to wash my back and neck.
I purchased the set of three so I can rotate them and run them through the laundry weekly, but I think that if you wash the cloth out thoroughly after every use, with fresh soap, and hang it where it will dry completely, you might not have to launder it at all.
My skin feels like silk after using these for just one week: all the flakiness is gone.
I have paid a lot of money for full-body exfoliation at spas, and this cloth did the job just as well.
(I received what appears to be the authentic Japanese product.
The packages are labeled at the top with the name of a distributor based in Hawaii.)
I did not buy for softness.
I wanted exfoliation, and they do the job.
The salux cloth has ruined all other wash cloths for me.
This somehow fulfills my need for intense body scrubbing without the harsh consequences that result from rough scrubbing.
The thinness of the cloth allows it to dry quickly.
The length allows me to scrub my back easily.
If you have eczema or other similar skin conditions, this cloth is a dream.
Make sure you buy from the legit seller on amazon so you don't receive any fakes.
As always it's great!
Been using since 2010
I loved these scrubbers but they are different than my original purchase.
They are softer than the first ones and they are stretchy.
I ordered two packages and returned them the next day.
Perfect, just like the picture
Careful, very abrasive.
A friend sent me a dozen of these cloths ten years ago, but they (understandably) wore out.
I was so happy to find the same product on Amazon and have now used one of the cloths over the past week.
In my opinion, there is no better way to scrub your back.
Especially useful if you are prone to back blemishes/acne/pimples.
My back is now well on the way again to becoming blemish-free and no longer itches during the day.
Love these cloths, but sorry the price is 3x higher for three than it was for an entire case a decade ago.
Use these everyday as opposed to the net type or washcloths.
Easy on skin, but exfoliate well and lather up well.
I’ve used them before & when my spouse had shoulder surgery he needed something to help scrub his back & these work great.
Leaves your skin super soft!
These work great for keeping my skin soft and last a long time.
I’ll definitely be ordering again.
These were totally overrated!
After reading so many rave reviews about how these washcloths would change my life, I was sorely disappointed.
I find that they don't always lather well, they don't do that great of a job exfoliating and the size is awkward.
Any wash cloth would work just as well.
I don't know why anyone would want to buy these.
I like the material and the concept, and the cloths work well, but they are too large and that makes them hard to handle.
I wish they were abut half--or even 1/3 of the size.
I was going to cut one of them up but I was afraid they would unravel.
The size makes them awkward to use and awkward to drop dry in the shower.
They are the size of a small towel (not a washcloth, sponge, or bath mitt).
If these came in smaller sizes I would buy a bunch.
Really great exfoliator, you just have to get over the inital funky smell when first unwrapping it.
Needs too much soap to wash.
Better to use a bath sponge.
These are the real deal!
Just like ones I purchased overseas.
Love these for exfoliating, will last for years!!
I found these exfoliating washcloths on my first trip to Japan.<br />They leave my skin soft and very smooth.<br />Create tons of lather!<br />Simply rinse them clean and hang to dry!<br />Long enough to give your back a good scrubbing!<br />I feel so clean after I use a Salux!<br />I would never go back to terry wash cloths again!<br /><br />Wonderful as gifts and stocking stuffers!<br /><br />Do give them a try!
Love to use this on my body.
I recommend to my friends.
Excellent product ordering more as gifts for family
My back feels so much smoother and cleaner after two weeks of use!
I used to get all sort of bumps and pimples on my back, but no more.
I always make sure to shampoo, condition, and rinse out my hair before finishing up washing my back with this washcloth.
Haven't had many blemishes there since, and it's been nearly a year.
Highly recommend it.
This is the best skin cleaner/exfoliator ever and I've used them all at one time or another.<br />Use just a little soap and the lather goes a long way.<br />Nothing scrubs the back better.<br />Or anything else for that matter.<br />It's the best!
I like the size of them.
I have actually cut one up into different sizes to use for different areas
So easy to use and dry quickly
Amazing product will be ordering again
I really feel the &#34; scrape&#34; and always see the difference between those loofahs and/or glove.
Skin feels smooth afterwards.
If you have very sensitive skin, it's probably not for you though, because I gave to my gf to use and she did bruise.
But it's really good otherwise
I have been buying these for years suddenly they are extremely soft and coming apart at the edges after only a few uses.
How do i find the originals?
They make it so easy to wash my back, they're not too rough on your skin, and even with a sprained shoulder and some pulled muscles in my neck, they make it really easy to wash myself.
my son loves using these.
This is the best for exfoliating your body I love it
Love Love Love these!
It takes a bit to get used to it.
Not sure if my skin got used to it, or if I figured out how much less pressure to apply...either way, after a few showers, I had it down!
Whether it's bar soap or liquid body wash, it creates a lot of lather (just squish it around in your hands).
I use it all bunched up to scrub/wipe my body, and then expand it to scrub my back.
I've given these as gifts to relatives, and they all love them!
Exfoliating cloths, go right to the limit of what I can stand, but feel wonderful.<br /><br />Arrived on time.<br /><br />On a side note, I don't wish to be required to write more than a few words, as a vendor could you share that with Amazon?<br /><br />thanks,<br /><br />Ivy
I expected it to be thicker.
It does exfoliate well, but I'm looking for one that's more of a wash cloth style.
They're rough for sure and take some getting used to, but they really allow you to scrub your entire body.
I was never able to properly wash my back until these.<br /><br />Also, they're way more durable than I thought, and great for travel since the nylon dries super quickly.
Used to live in Japan and used these daily to scrub.
Best thing ever for full body exfoliation!
I use this weather my shower gel and will never go back to using a regular washcloth again!
It makes a small amount of product go a long way and has done a great job at helping clear up my KP.
I usually fold it up and get it wet, then put product on it and use it to scrub my arms and legs and then unfold it so that I can get all of my back.
Makes our skin so very soft.
I will buy these again.
Though its been 6 month and so far they are still in good shape .
I have put them through the wash several times as well.
I have used these for years after and during living in Hawaii.
They dry quickly and make your skin so soft.
Skin feeling so smoooth!
These washing clothes are perfect for exfoliating...soap them up and use in the shower to get an all over glow....face cloths are lame compared to this.
They are a bit rough at first but soften as you use them.
They dry really fast so for traveling this is a great solution.
They are synthetic so don't hold on to bacteria....The size is great.
Long enough to scrub the back....trust the Japanese to come up with the perfect cleaning wash cloth.
I like to get body scrubs at a local korean day spa, and I'm fairly certain the mits they use are made out of this same material.
Using these washcloths makes me feel like a shiny new baby after every shower!
It actually makes me really excited to scrub down.
I also saw some reviews saying that this can help with KP; I have a mild case of it on my arms, and I can confirm that persistent use of these washcloths has reduced the redness and bumpiness!
I have used these for years, and I can't say enough about how much I love them.
The rough suface creates lots of rich lather from all types of soap or bath gel, and the long length lets you reach everywhere to exfoliate easily.
Nylon fabric rinses clean easily and dries quickly.
These are excellent for travel -- just roll up in a zip-lock baggie.
Strong and feels great!
i’m not sure when the quality went down, but these are not the same ones i’ve been buying.
The end he’s got frayed super easily and made them look old and raggedy.
I’ve had some for longer and the edges are better trimmed and looks great considering.
Still scrubbed well, just looks bad
They are more rough than I thought they would be but they exfoliate nicely.
I can reach every part of my body with it.
Now I share them with my husband.
These little suckers are amazing.
Don't be intimidated by their size.
This is actually a bonus, as you'll have tons of surface area to play with.
You can stretch it out, bunch it up, turn it into a thread of soapy friction, whatever your needs.
I normally buy the Korean version of these shower towels at the local Asian market, but got them online bc didn't want to make the trip out there.
But these Japanese ones smell - a weird funky smell that would not wash out, even after a few showers - even threw it in the wash. Also these seem bit more coarse/rough than the Korean ones I'm used to.
Will have to make a trip out to the local Asian market to pick these up bc won't be buying these ones anymore.
You feel like you are not clean if you "don't" use this after using for awhile.
Long and big enough to scrub & clean all parts of body.
Better than wash cloths because it exfoliates & rinses better & faster.
I recommend this to all❗️
I love these and have given many as gifts.
If I scrub just one arm, and then touch both arms, the Salux-treated arm is smoother.
I keep one just for traveling.
These are large, washable, & SUPER sudsy.
You do not have to scrub yourself too hard with this as it is VERY scrubby.
I use this every couple of days for exfoliation.
They make great gifts, as well!
I used this for the first time tonight.
It was not as comfortable as I would have liked it to be.
If you have very sensitive skin it will probably be a painful experience, especially if you're used to a soft wash cloth.
I think it may have scratched my back and sides too much because it was burning after drying off.
I believe I didn't have enough soap on it initially, which created more friction than needed, so I added more soap and it was a little more tolerable.
Although uncomfortable, I endured, and my face and body came out with really smooth, soft skin.
After slathering on some lotion my skin feels a little better.
It's always a good idea to moisturize after exfoliating.
I'll probably use this twice a week.
Not sure I would use this before going to bed though, my irritated skin definitely wasn't helping me fall asleep.
Easy to exfoliate the back.
These are the best scrub towels EVER!!
You feel 7.34 years younger just using it for one shower.
After two you are practically 10 years younger!....but seriously, these are a great product.
They shipped out quickly and were delivered on time.
This has replaced my shower ball!
I just exfoliated my entire back withouthaving to preform yoga in the shower.
I can't remember the last time my skin was this soft and lively and that's after just one use.<br />Its soft but powerful.
It looks thin (so you can soap it up well) but its super strong.<br />Im going to buy these as Christmas gifts!
The texture stimulates blood flow, exfoliates and cleans.
I love this product, I have been using it since I was a child and at 38 I have the softest skin.
These are supposed to be a bit loufa-Esque so not Too soft but won’t scratch skin.
Always take these to the gym or travel and pack well.
It's really exfoliate-y & I like the flexibility of being able to reshape them however I'd like.
This seems more sanitary than having a loofah or something hanging in the shower all the time collecting mold and who knows what.
Have bought so many of these seller ships fast!!!
I keep one in the shower and one at my sink for makeup removal.
When they are dirty I throw it in the wash and they don't loose their roughness.very happy with this.
I had been looking for a replacement for my bath brush because despite my best efforts, it still grew mold.
I had heard about this item on another site and decided to try it based on the description and the number of positive reviews and it’s even better than I imagined.
It’s the perfect weight and thickness that it’s obviously sturdy but easy to use.
The length easily cleans everywhere, even with limited mobility, and has a little bit of stretch to boot.
The material is much like that of a stretched out shower pouf in that it’s mesh (but a MUCH smaller weave) and makes huge amounts of lather from just a small bit of body wash or soap.
It’s just rough enough to provide excellent exfoliation without being too harsh.
Plus it dries out quickly and can even be washed!
This is an absolute must have bath item!
It scrubs amazingly.
It is washable, but it discolors.
Would be much better if it came without being dyed (natural color).
I purchased these specifically because they are listed as Salux NYLON Wash Cloths.....
In the product description it says "Material: Nylon".
However when I received them they were only 60% nylon and 40% polyester.
I am returning them.
Hopefully I can find a legitimate 100% NYLON wash cloth on Amazon.<br />I am not happy that I have to take the time to return them when the product was not as described.
Just what I was after
I love how long, strong, and durable this washcloth is.
The scrub is rough enough to exfoliate without burning the skin.
I feel so clean after using it!
I feel like these aren't the same as the last time.
I ordered from the same exact one I used on amazon previously, but my washcloths seem far lower quality now.
They are piling and peeling on the edges and sticking to itself and unraveling (something the old ones never ever did) and I don't find they have the same intensity with scrubbing.
I have a super strong deodorant that takes effort to scrub off, and I find myself having to re-scrub the area with these new cloths that I didn't have to do with the old cloth.
The salux cloths I had before were absolutely amazing, so I don't know if I just got a bad batch or what.
This is my fav body towel because of the texture and size.
Other ones I’ve used are an awkward width or length but this one appears to be just right... for me at least
These are great for washing your back.
Takes off the dead skin and your skin feels soft.
Had bacne issues and using this along with basic suave shampoo (I know real weird combo but I saw it on reddit) and it cleared it up!
They make your skin super soft
Really great product for the money.
I got three cloths and have been using them for several months.
They lather up with bar soap very easily and don’t require much soap for a full cleaning.
The cloths are also slightly rough for a great exfoliating clean.
Finally they rinse clean very easily, just run under water for a few seconds.
I will never go back to a regular wash cloth or bath poof again.
Love these scrub cloths.
I have KP on my upper arms and legs.
The cloth keeps my KP in check.
The texture feels gritty but not enough to damage my skin.
It does a good job of exfoliating skin.
And being long enough you can run the whole length of the cloth across your back, especially those hard to reach places!
This was a great find.
After you shower with this you feel cleaner and tingly.
I will shower without one in the future.
I like this product .
I love these exfoliating sheets.
You will never use a loofa again.
Awesome flesh tearing abrasion to remove dead skin.
Only can use it every other day, or else I just get raw.
But it exfoliates like no other loofah can do.
PERFECT!<br /><br />Showed up and as described.
Couldn't ask for anything more.<br /><br />These are not the fakes you see other places selling.
Crazy rough the first time you use it but either it softens or you get used to it after a couple of time.
It feels normal now and I love the clean feeling and exfoliation.
I also love that I can hold both sides and get every spot on my back easily.
These are super rough on the skin, I put them in the garbage,<br />I would not recommend these to anyone.
Did exactly what I expected!!!!
Cleaned and exfoliated my entire body.
Lol love this product!
Love the feel of it..just right and sensitive enough for my skin and needs..feels great when bathing and the after results leave me feeling brand new😁
These are not like anything I've seen before here in America.
My friend gave me one years ago and I'm hooked.
They are not meant to be soft or thick.
They are intended to be "rough" to exfoliate the skin and thin for flexibility and ease of rinsing.
I've used all kinds of "scrubbies" or puffs, which are intended to be soft and thick.
Those make lots of foam but do a very gentle job.
They're great for a relaxing or pampering experience.
These "netting sheets" are for when you really want to get clean!
I absolutely love them for scrubbing my back.
The length makes this job super easy and satisfying!
These washcloths are VERY rough.
I had to return these.
They are also very long which would make it good for washing your back.
But they are too rough to use on my skin.
Maybe a tough, rugged man would benefit from these.
I can't use them due to the roughness.
They might be good to use for house cleaning or car cleaning jobs.
Just not good for skin.
Can't live without these!...wouldn't want to, anyway.
It's like a loofah and wash cloth in one.
These are a bit more abrasive than any loofah I've tried, but that's great...makes my skin feel super clean and exfoliated.
And just like a loofah, a little soap goes a LONG way, however I do believe that bar soaps work best with this product (which is a double win because bar soaps are cheaper anyway, generally speaking).<br /><br />I never want to shower without these!!!
There are pretty long to I just cut these in half and burn the cut ends with a lighter so they don't fray.
These little cloths have got some really great scrubbing action so I would advise not to be too vigorous at first.
It takes a few times to get used to but makes your skin feel so clean.
Exfoliating sheet gets the dry skin off your rough areas.
Love this for my back & feet.
This was a repeat ord.
Really like these and they keep my skin in good condition and my dermatologist is pleased.
Not the quality I was expecting, but it does do the job.<br /><br />I was searching for the straight line thread design.
This product works well to remove the skin build up on those who suffer from eczema.
Would purchase again.
Would recommend to others.
Leaves skin feeling soft.
You do need to get used to using it but it only takes 1 shower to do that.
I gave 3 for softness because I didn't want the too soft, but these are perfect.
Love these so much, I want to buy some for everyone I know!!!!
IM TELLING YOU, BEST INVENTION SINCE SLICED BREAD!!
My skin feels great and I feel energized after using these towels!
They also dry very quickly.
I will definitely continue to purchase these!
love these they are big enough to hold and scrub your back with.
just a little bit of scrubbie to them and they are gentle but great to use....wish there were more colors , rather than pastels.
Much better than any washcloth I have used.
Leaves your skin feeling like silk its so smooth!
The best washcloth ever.
They feel scrubby and make your soap super bubbly.
And they are long - If you're not using one of these, how in the heck do you wash your back?
A bit rougher than I would have liked.
I purchased another one (don't know the brand) that was not quite as scratchy.
They definitely do take off any dead skin though!!
This is the best cleaning towel!!
I decided to give this a try on a whim, I'm glad I did.
NOW, if you are looking for something soft or thick, or warm colors, THIS IS NOT IT.
It is long and very light weight.
It is a Nylon Washcloth I believe made in Japan.
This cloth reminds me of a loofah, which I don't mind.
You must keep your body wet, when you soap the cloth up you only have to do that once it holds the soap very well.
Don't keep it near the water as you wash or it will rinse right away.
It is supposed to be very hygienic and durable.
So far for me it has proven that.
Once you get the feel of it you will know how delicate you need to be on your skin.
It did things I didn’t think possible for instance I had Really bad cuticles the king that some are detached from the nail bed rough and dry and while bathing I would casually scrub my hands(including fingers) and feet (including toes) and I noticed my cuticles smoothing out and attaching themselves back to the nail bed and also to add my skin is really smooth and I see the texture and color slowly changing for the better.
I swear I'm a shade lighter with these.
These wash towels are the best!
It made my face/body feel soft and smooth after the first use.
I gave my husband one to try and he is amazed also!
I will order more in the future!
Great product for the price
I used to find this product in stores selling products from Asian manufacturers and groceries geared toward Asian cooking.
Finally I located this online.
It's designed to exfoliate and lasts several months before replacing with a new one.
Dries easily in the shower.
If you are not used to an exfoliating product designed for body use you may find your skin itching initially but this is easily treated with body lotion.
This product is large hand towel size, unlike other &#34;mitt&#34; sized products.
Will definitely purchase for years to come.
I've been using these Japanese wash clothes for over 35 years!
They're wonderful for the skin and I always feel squeaky clean after using them.
Over the years I've had many friends give up wash clothes for these Japanese clothes.
My best friend in high school who is half Japanese suggested I try using one back in the 70's.
Back in those days I had mild acne which it improved and my skin became smoother and healthier.
Love them... they last a long long time.
Many family members use them, too.
I will by more of these in the future for gift sets with body wash and lotions.
The title pretty much says it all.
Now that I've found these, I will never bathe without them.
No more overly soft, germ filled bath poufs for me!
And forget wash cloths, these things are long enough to wrap around your back for a good scrub and then they dry in like 10 minutes after the shower.
You can also throw them in the washing machine but I think I will handwash mine with antibacterial dish soap instead because mine come out of the washer with black lint caught around the edges.
They're still fine but look a bit icky.
(Alternately, just wash them alone, without other items.)
It takes some time getting the whole washcloth sudsy, but I love how it cleans and scratches my back at the same time!
Still experimenting with it!
Dry's fast and can use over and over again!
Absolutely love these things.
Bought the three pack so I could give them as gifts.
The cloth is just the right length to scrub your back which is very important, rinses clean and does not get stinky, at least in my shower.
It took me a while to figure out what these were even called (my half Japanese boyfriend introduced me to them, but his mom was bringing them back from Japan....) and then to find them anywhere after that.
I'll put it plainly: This is like a loofa on steroids.
It's unraveled - so just a long rectangular strip, which is awesome because its makes it a lot easier to reach your own back, and the abrasion is much heavier - way better at exfoliating than those pansy little balls of fluff most people use.
:) Easier to wash out the soap afterward as well!
Used it t for the first time today and it is wonderful!!
I feel like I took a shower for the first time in months.
Leaves my skin soft and radiant.
No more ingrown hairs from shaving either!
I've used this product for several years and as a result my skin is soft and smooth.
These are awesome scrubbies!
Very abrasive and rough and will smooth out your skin!
I love these and will order again!
I love this so much more than a loofa.
My husband and I both use these products over anything else.
I even turned one of my good friends on to these and she loves it too.
My skin seems so much softer and we’ve been using these for years
Been using these for years.
Nobody makes them like this.
Nice and long for scrubbing your back.
Soft enough for your face, but a good scrubber.
My back and legs look awesome!
These are great to exfoliate your body 2-3 times a week.
You must bunch it up into a loose ball for optimal results.
Otherwise, the lather just disappears.
These are very, very popular in Asian countries and you see how amazing their skin is!
My skin feels great!
Even my elbows and feet are smooth!<br />I would not recommend using on the face since they are a bit too abrasive for that.
But they are perfect for the body, which is what they are intended for.
I used this 3-pack within over a year and I'm only ordering it because I left my most recent one at a hotel!!
I cut it in half or in threes to make it last longer and it's been an awesome addition to my skincare routine.
I have chicken skin/keratosis pillaris and this works wonders on my arms and legs.
I've been using regular loofahs and hand scrubs and nothing else compares.
Excited for this new order to come in because I need my soft skin again.
Works as labelled BUT u dont really know how effective it is until actually use this product.
It is absolutely best product of this kind.
I actually turn cleaning by back into exercise routine and find its increased by flexibility.
I use this product to keep my skin fresh and soft
These Salux Bath Cloths are amazing.
Easiest way to completely wash your back!
Perfect for exfoliating arms and legs.
So lightweight that they dry in the shower without getting smelly or forming mildew.
I have been using them for years, but have recently had trouble finding them in my local stores.
Glad to see them on Amazon.
They make a really thoughtful hostess gift with a nice bar of soap.
I honestly don't know how people bathe without them!
Oh man, I didn't know nylon scrubbers could scrub this hard!
It works, it's effective, but too strong for my sensitive skin.
Nice and long though, easy to use.
This would probably be the maximum amount of scrub your skin could take on a regular basis, maybe the very young could find it useful.
I tried it once but won't use it again for older skin.
Great bath wash cloth.
Good for exfoliating parts of the back that are normally hard to reach as well as the rest of the body.
Foams up well for scrubbing.
Have you been dropping money for years on those little puff balls?
You know the ones that fall apart and untangle after maybe a week.
I have been using this over a year and it's been amazing.
I haven't measured it but I believe it's about 36x12 or so.
How I use it is I grab it and kind of wad it up in my hands holding it under water.
Squeeze it a few good times to get the water going through really good.
I actually use a bar soap which I just rub all over it while it's still balled up in my hand.
I will then just squeeze while turning until the soap just starts literally foaming out.
I don't think it's all that rough, but it does exfoliate very well.
Using this on your back is what really sold me.
Rough stuff-- forget about the microbrasion this will take a layer off
On opening the package I was skeptical, the material feels awful to the hand, rather like nylons made with pot scrubber material.
However, lathered up with soap it did an outstanding job.
The oversized hand towel size was the right volume to fill my hand so my grasping problem was eliminated and the width was suitable for a five-foot-four-inch frame which therefore eliminated my limited motion problem.
I also used it immediately after my shower for additional exfoliation when it was magically almost dry.
I see no problems sanitizing the cloth as I do with loofas, puffs or exfoliators on sticks.
If you can wash without injurying your skin, I recommend this to disabled people.
This is a great product.
Works very well my skin is way better now.
It gets rid of dirt and dead skin and you feel &#34;clean&#34; afterwards.
It takes getting use to but once your used to it feels great after every use.
Do yourself a favor get this.
It's more hygienic than a sponge more effective than a wash cloth and if you don't use any of these you've never been cleaner in you life!
It also exfoliate like no other, I notice more tiny hair folical and less bumpy skin after a few uses.
They are super rough.
I never used before the Japanese, it’s completely different feelings between Korean one.
I was first exposed to these in Kyoto, Japan.
They are terrific in the shower, a good alternative to loofah type ball scrubbies
Still using the 1st one, the last a long time, don't get stinky or nasty.
If you like an abrasive scrub like I do, buy these.
Once in a awhile I soak them in very hot water to keep them bacteria free.
The price seems good.
They exfoliate without being too harsh...
Best washcloth ever, haven't used anything else since discovering these.
I have used these for years and needed replacements.
These were just what I wanted.
I would definitely buy again.
I love this product.
It’s actually exfoliates the skin while cleaning.
The washcloths are thinner than a normal washcloth, but they are long enough to reach the areas a regular wash cloth can’t.
It’s kind of hard..I have sensitive skin and is prone to keloids.
Especially in my bikini area- not sure if this caused more or not but it hurts to use in on that area.
And I have developed more keloids.
I wish I had found these sooner!
These are awesome, at 36&#34; long it is perfect to wrap around your waist, across your shoulders and be able to scrub your entire back.
It feels so good to be able to reach your entire back and get a good exfoliation.
I will be placing another order soon as I want to give some as gifts.
Greatest shower product ever!
I have everyone I know hooked on this stuff.
Will never go back to a loofah or anything else.
I have owned this product since 2010.
After constant use (5-7 times/week) the towels literally fell apart after 6 years!
I like this product so much that I give it as gifts.
Make certain you choose Salux JAPANESE.
Anything else is a disappointment.
Love these, have had several.
These are slightly more coarse then others, but my husband and I like that.
Obviously you shouldn't exfoliate everyday but its very nice when you do!
Truly the best scrubber to clean and exfoliate.
Used many others but I never got the true clean feeling after a shower.
It's rough but softens up a bit the more it's used.
Glad to see that this was sold online.
They do a great job, they feel good and eas out nicely.
Throw them in the washer and there clean again.
I don’t know how I lived without these!
Skin is super soft after using.
Wish they made a more compact version though.
These are the best washcloths if you love a little rough exfoliating.
So many other washcloths say they exfoliate, but I always find them to be too soft.
These, on the other hand, really scrub your skin nicely.
However, they aren't overly rough.
They are still soft enough to be comfortably used every day.
I love using this bath cloth.
Just the right texture for exfoliation.
I gave them as gifts also.
A very nice item at a great price.
Okay so previously I wrote a review on these cloths in regards to my recent past purchases.
Long story short in that review I complained that the cloths started feeling dingy and cheap.
I’ve been a long time customer and felt like the ones I was receiving were not Salux.
So if your like me and left and started trying other brands and those brands didn’t amount to what were used too (Salux which is real exfoliating duh) then I know y’all ain’t find the one but just come on back because let me tell y’all!
I went ahead and placed an order and when I used the cloth!
Y’all I had too literally put on body oil and lotion like to the 10th power!
It’s felt so ruff but yet sooooo good!
Lol but seriously I can’t over exaggerate this.
To the company, thanks for listening to us!
Easiest way in the world to have soft skin on my body.
I am over 60 and am often told how soft and smooth my skin feels.
Salux every day with glycolic wash and lotion 2-3 times a week.
That plus sunscreen every day.
I’ve been using these for years and usually order on eBay but I ordered a pack of 3 off Amazon and they were just too soft once wet and soapy and I’m very disappointed.
Same brand, same packaging.
The ones I have gotten over the years were very rough.
That’s what I’ve know them to be.
They scrub that’a what I love about them especially for my back.
But these suck and feel like a regular cloth rag to me!
Best back /body scrubbers.
The absolute best on the market.
They have a long life...one year or more each... and do the job of a perfect wash cloth.
They are a little rough at first but after a few seconds you will get used to the material.
My skin feels smooth and clean after using this.
So I purchased it again.
Oh, how do I love these things?
The features ratings is kind of misleading - softness?
You want soft, use a microfiber washcloth.
These are for serious scrubbing!
They're nice and long making it so easy to get a full body scrub and exfoliation.
They came in especially handy after I had my lumpectomy for breast cancer, which has made my range of motion somewhat limited.
I will never be without these!
Thank you for such a great product!
Great for exfoliating
Been using this scrubs for years.
And now we have the internet to purchased is a plus.
I purchased this deal and shared the two other cloths and we all love them.
They lather beautifully.
They make your skin feel very smooth.
I'm glad I stumbled upon this product.
I will always use them.
(I did purchase cloths manufactured in Japan.)
I have purchased 3 packs.
I kept some for myself and I have shared the rest with family.
I use these cloths from head to toe.
I ditched my spinbrush and began using my Salux Cloth to exfoliate and cleanse my face.
My face has cleared up and this cloth has helped me to reduce acne and ingrown hair bumps.
I hate using regular wash cloths now; I only feel genuinely clean with the use of my Salux cloths.
Yes these are Japanese but you can emulate a Korean spa experience at home with these.
They are nice a scratchy but not overly so.
I use these to dry brush my body before a nice soak with epsom salts or some sort of specialized soak.
I also use these in the shower with shower gel to get my back it's long enough to keep the dead skin a pimples away.
I needed a new loofah, and saw how many good reviews this product got, so I decided to give it a try.
It is my new favorite!!
I dont know how I've managed all these years without it!
Its really long and is great at exfoliation.
I am going to be buying tons of these for friends and family as gifts.
Amazing size for showering and great for exfoliating.
I had been looking for these Japanese bath wash nylon cloths.
I ordered 2 sets already to give as gifts.
This brand salux nylon bath cloth works better then my earthworks exfoliating bath cloth it's much more rough makes my skin very smooth after my shower love it
These washcloths are far superior to the puff balls since this can be used for cleaning my back.
They last forever, until you get annoyed with the slight fraying on the sides, but at this price, who cares.
They wash out easily and dry in no time.<br />I used to have to go to the Japanese store to buy them but am happy to get them online now.
These cloths do such a great job of gently exfoliating and keeping my skin soft.
Can be used with a bar of soap, cream bath wash or one with a slight scrub to it.
Great deal with the 3 pack.
It's rough surface is ideal for getting dirt and stench off of me-bath time is not play time.
The length (3 feet or 36 inches), and the luxurious lathering saves soap and facilitates cleaning the hard to reach places.
After using poofs, and occasionally cotton rags, I was skeptical I would ever find something that is machine washable and suds up soap well.
I was even more skeptical that this acclaimed product would work.
However, after using it everyday, I can honestly say this product is a much, much better than anything I've tried in the past.
It creates suds very easily, and its size works better than I expected.
The one downside is that it is a little too exfoliating - I wish there was a slightly softer version.
Very good product will be ordering more
I use it for travel.
3 stars for “softness” because it’s exfoliating.
It is a good exfoliating feeling.
They dry faster than a regular scrunch scrubby.
Japanese know bathing way better than westerners, they've been doing it longer.
Save the oceans, stop buying those cleansers with microbeads... buy this instead.
It's a Strong, easy to rinse clean, and made from a nylon material that's REALLY scratchy so you don't need to rub your skin hard (which stretches it and makes you old before your time).
As a general rule when buying these sorts of wash clothes the scratchier the better, as it will exfoliate your skin and help open your pores.
This does it SO well that I suggest using it with soap only once a week, unless your using a moisturizing soap.
My only gripe is the colors, they're really not all that attractive... the photos are pretty much spot on.<br /><br />I'm older and have frozen shoulder in both shoulders, and with this I can easily clean my back unaided
I love these Japanese cleansing cloths.
These are all I use as they really exfoliate your skin to remove all the dead skin cells.
they work very good on the skin...
These are wonderful exfoliating cloths.
I have sensitive skin so I can't use these all over my body - they're very strong!
- but I use them on my legs and arms a few times a week to keep my skin smooth.
Easy to rinse and clean, just like a loofah.
these are incredible.
great buffer of the skin, feels really fresh and invigorated.
since i have several injuries it lets me get to my entire back which has been a problem of late.
My only suggestion is that they make a set with say bamboo hand grips to give greater control and range.<br />AWESOME PRODUCT!!
I absolutely love this product!
So much so that I gave away 2 in the pack to family members to try and even ordered another set and had them delivered to a friend in another state.<br />What's to love: You can reach and actually exfoliate everywhere on your body.
The maneuverability while you clean and exfoliate is second to none.
I love that I can use any product...body wash, bar soap or even exfoliating body wash...and it lathers right up.
My skin has never been this smooth.
I recommend to anyone and I talk about it so much I should probably be paid for advertising at this point...
If I could give this product a 10 I would!!
I have used these most of my life and I cannot use any other company.
If you use this product you will never use a regular washcloth again...it takes some getting to used to.
Too scratchy for me, but my boyfriend really likes it.
In past have been disappointed in every product I ever tried for scrubbing my back.
But this is the ticket!
Not only does it work great on my back, it works all over.
Leaves me feeling so clean and fresh!
You can use these to scour the pots if you ever run out of brillo pads.
They are abrasive and I see the difference on my face.
Have used these for years and find nothing better.
Easy to keep clean and hang in the shower, soaps up very nice better than a loofah.
Gave one to my friend and one of my &#34;African black soap&#34; bars... and now she and her husband can't live without either of them.
I'm buying a few more just in case
Great for exfoliation.
Large enough to scrub your back &#34;towel-style&#34;.
I really enjoy using these.
I've used these for years and will continue to do so.
The &#34;roughness&#34; is just right.
They never irritate my skin just smooth it and prep it perfectly for moisturizers and/or self-tanners.
like I said it is ok.
I have severe keratosis Pilaris on my arms and this has been a miracle product!
Works so well without being over abrasive
So happy I was able to find it on Amazon.
Alright, sensitive skinned ladies.
I'm talking to you, the ones that constantly get razor burn and irritation.
The ones that have tried EVERY product and routine out there to avoid angering your very sensitive skin.
The ones that are tired of trying product after product, scrub after scrub, and razor after razor.
This will change your life.
No joke.<br /><br />I work in a job where I need to shave my legs at least every other day, preferably every day.
Being blessed with sensitive (read: ANGRY!)
skin, this was a nightmare.
My skin was broken out, constantly irritated, and seemed permanently razor-burned.
Then I read a link on reddit and heard about these babies, and they seriously changed everything.
I had to return because it seems different from ones I purchased at local stores.
But<br />you be the judge.
These are soooooooooo much better than other brands.
They are thicker, more rugged, and exfoliate better.<br /><br />They seem like they are going to hold up, and not unravel.
There is a reason why this product had such phenomenal reviews.
It is simply just amazing!
It literally will scrub you clean like no other.
I swear I can hear the grime, dirt, and dead skin crying as I scrub them away.<br />This will work on the smelliest, nastiest, dirtiest person EVER.
It has very powerful scrubbing action.
However, at the same time it doesn’t feel too rough or painful.<br />If there are any people in this world you should take advice or products for in terms of bathing it is the JAPANESE.
They know their stuff and they know the best way to get clean, I say this as a half Japanese person.<br />The price is cheap, the colors are nice, the durability is amazing, it dries fairly quickly, and it just works.<br />The only con I would say is the size.
I know that it’s meant for scrubbing all over your body and particularly the hard to reach back, but it can sometimes be a bother when it comes to drying since it takes up a bit of space.
However, it works to reach all the nooks and crannies so I can’t complain.<br />Also make sure to get the authentic one which is made in Japan (not China) and it is made of real salux.<br />After using this I don’t think I could ever go back to using any other scrubber.
I would simply never feel as clean.
I first found these downtown at an asian market store, and I've tried some of the American versions sold in stores closer to me but they're not even close to the quality of these and they're about 5 times smaller!
I love the exfoliation quality of these cloths.
They're super durable, last a long time (you can throw them in the wash) and big enough that you can &#34;floss&#34; your back.
They make a great lather too.
Its perfect for scrubbing your back!<br /><br />It is a bit rough, but that is part of the exfoliating process.
You do have to use it outside of the water, since it doesn't hold the soap like a loofah.<br />I recommend not using it on your face as it is a bit too rough for it.<br /><br />I read the other reviews and made sure it was from Japan.
I am quite satisfied with this product :)
Good quality that will last.
Extremely rough be aware...
I was hoping to see a difference in my keratosis pilaris but it didn't really do much
very rough-but works to remove rough skin
Only good on my heels.
I always like getting this type of shower rags.
They work good on the skin
Just a great way to clean that skin clean.
I usually have back acne and this has helped my skin a lot.
Also doesn't get dirty and really gets those soaps sudsy.
Yet wash nicely in the washer.
I keep buying more to share with friends and family!
(JUST BE SURE THAT YOURS-RECEIVED IS A GENUINE &#34;SALUX&#34; PRODUCT, MANUFACTURED IN JAPAN [NOT in China], or its quality WILL NO-WHERE NEARLY MATCH THIS REVIEW)!<br />If you DO receive a look-alike from an unscrupulous merchant and the package says &#34;Made In China,&#34; !SEND IT BACK IMMEDIATELY, UNOPENED, FOR A REFUND!!
!<br /><br />REVIEW OF THE ORIGINAL, &#34;SALUX&#34; JAPANESE-MADE CLOTH:<br /><br />WATCH OUT DIRT AND BODY-GREASE...HERE IT COMES!<br />It's an almost-all synthetic, long washcloth with a REAL &#34;scrubbing&#34; propensity to &#34;sloth&#34; away dead skin, dirt and body oils that leave you feeling &#34;invigorated&#34; after every shower or bath.<br /><br />They produce copious amounts of foam from small amounts of almost any body-wash liquid or bar soaps and the cloths, themselves, last me at least a couple of years before they must be replaced (always, because a couple of inches of their ends begin to tear off after that amount of time/usage, during the type of back-scrub motions as exhibited on the package's front side)...I THEN continue to use the now-shorter, &#34;spent&#34; cloth for house-hold scrubbing of bath-stalls, stoves, ovens, soiled pots/pans, etc.
This &#34;recycling&#34; act extends their VERY useful life-span ANOTHER few years.<br /><br />It usually fully-dries in less then a couple of hours when hung from its end or draped in its middle.<br /><br />IT'S GREAT!!
(especially if you're really dirty and don't have sensitive skin!!)
It's long enough for me scrub my back and the roughness of it is perfect for exfoliating.
It's sold for almost $5 a piece at my local Asian market.
my husband loves these.
dries quick and scratches well
My husband and I love these scrubby towels.
These are not soft nor are they supposed to be.
I love these wash cloths.
They last and no problem with throwing them in the washing machine-then hang them to dry.
They dry very quickly as well.
For me this product works very well, the fabric is l little rough when cleaning my face but all in all I like this towel cloth.
So happy to have found these on Amazon.
I have been using these since 1970’s when I first discovered them.
They are great for showering, exfoliating your whole body.
They might be to abrasive if you are very sensitive but for me I don’t feel clean without using them.
How did I not know about these before now?
These are great for cleaning my back.
I love that they are so long and I love how my skin feels after I use them!
Excellent product, it is great at exfoliating.
All I want to know is why it took so long for these things to make their way into my life
These are way rough and too harsh, they hurt when you use them.
I don't like them at all.
I will try them as cleaning rags.
Has completely cleared up painful back acne.
Really easy to use and love how quickly they dry.
A little body wash goes a long way with these, plus it feels good when you scrub your back it is long enough to do this comfortably.
Wish they came in non pastel colors!
Love these for the shower.
They are long so you can do your back.
These are great for exfoliation.
My skin is very smooth.
Makes it easy to get your back.
These are so hard to find in this texture.
I love the clean exfoliated wash I get with these!
I bought the small size, but they can be cut and stitched to make more because they’re very long.
My skin has become twice as smooth since I’ve been using these, my husband loves them as well.
These cloths significantly reduce hair bumps as well as strawberry marks on legs.
For years I was buying a different brand which was much more expensive.
This pack of 3 is very economical and a great value.
The size is perfect because it allows you to get your back very easily.
It's a bit rough at first, but I feel like it's working better than my other brand.
My husband and daughter use these too and really like them.
Easy to clean and hang to dry between use.
You will realize that you have never been clean before.<br /><br />These are the real Salux brand that are rough.
These are not the imitation, fall apart easily, relatively soft cloths.
I don't know how I cleaned my body before I started using these.
Now i don't feel clean unless I use this.
Its just abrasive enough to exfoliate and make my skin smooth.
Good bye bacne cause these make washing your back easy.
Its good to travel with too because it dries really fast.
Have used these for over 30 years, nothing gets you cleaner, love them.
A must have for your shower.
Great for scrubbing your back.
Buy some nylon at a fabric store and save yourself some money.
I use this, but it is soooooooooo long - like a neck scarf.
Product is much better than a similar product.
This one seems to be more tightly woven creating a more dense cleaning.
Great product and quick shipping.
Will reorder again for sure!
I've bought other "Korean Washcloths" in the past, all of which turned out to be too fine-woven and flimsy to scrub well.
The blue Salux scrubbers I bought are perfect; they have enough "body" not to just bunch up into a skinny rope when I try to scrub my back, and the texture is aggressive enough to feel that they're really doing something.<br /> Besides being thicker than the others I've bought, the Salux is at least 6" longer too.<br /> I don't know whether the different colors mean anything or not; all mine are blue.<br /><br /> The one improvement I could suggest is to mold a soft rubber bead across each end to help<br />keep it spread out flat while I do my back.
(I tried doing that with silicone glue, which seemed to work but was too slippery to hold onto...)<br /> Also, it does shed a few threads from time to time.
I’m Korean and have used these my entire life.
These are very inexpensive and last a long time.
I’ve introduced to several of my non-Asian friends and they are hooked.
Leaves your skin exfoliated and very smooth.
I recommend regular bar soap (I use Dove bars from Costco) as it lathers much better than using body wash.
It also conserves soap so it’s cheaper all around.
If you’re never used it before I can see how it may take some getting used to, but once you do you won’t go back.
There’s a reason why Asians have glowing soft skin... we use these our whole lives!
At first I was skeptical of using one of these over a loofah but man am I glad that I tried this out.
It's much easier to use proper pressure with this towel as well as get your back and make optimal use of your body wash. Really can't see myself ever going back to a plain loofah after using this
Uh, definitely blew this purchase based on reading previous reviews!
Maybe the fabric was thinner or softer in earlier versions, but these things are rough!
Thought I might as well get the 3-pack so I could use one, the wife could try a second, and a third for general uses.
Extremely scratchy on my rough face, so no way it was usable on a woman's softer skin.
BTW, these are certainly large pieces of fabric intended to be used to scrub your back solo, but I was raw after just a few scrubs to the point I had to stop altogether.
Examination in the mirror confirmed scratches on my back, and I'm not a softy!
I decided to cut up one of the cloths and use it on my face so I could control the pressure.
These things are just too harsh for me.
Bottom line, they're going into the rag bin for use on non-delicate surfaces that need scrubbing!!
Oh, and not Made in Japan!!
You can get amazing amounts of lather with this wash cloth, plus scrubbing your back is easy if you don't have a friend to do it for you.
Very good, love to use it..
I have used these wash cloths for at least 20 years and my whole family loves them.
Unfortunately my local Asian market does not carry these anymore and I had to look for them on Amazon.
But these are not the original “Japanese Quality” product and are way too soft to do anything worth the effort.<br />I definitely do NOT recommend this seller!
Great purchase, gives a really good clean.
Takes a little getting used to but after a couple of times you will be okay.
Stretchy and effective.
Also, easily washed/cleaned.
Great for removal of itchy dry winter skin on my back.
I heard about these and thought it was worth a shot to try them.
Love the rough feel.
They are super long--I can't decide if I like it that way or not.
It is great for scrubbing my back but very long in the show otherwise even folded up.
I don't know how I never heard of this before.
I love this, it feels a little rough but my skin has gotten used to it and I love how my skin feels.
I had some acne problems on my back during the summer and within a couple weeks, all gone no problems what so ever.
I tried to use it on my daughter but she says it hurts, so it's back to wash cloths as after reading an article on loofahs, those will never be in my house every again.
This dries well and it's perfect for your back without having to buy a different bath item.
This is by far the very best body scubber for us.
My husband and use it each day instead of soft wash clothes that leaves dead skin cells and grease on your body.
Keeps your skin looking young and really feeling clean.
Its just like the facial scrubber that exfoliates dead skin cells off the face but this is for the body and you can control the pressure by intense scrubbing or just light pressure.
I use it on my face as well along with my facial scrubbers.
Once you experience this scrubber's cleanliness, you will feel like your body just isn't as clean with regular soft wash clothes.
This is a type of exfoliating bath towel.
I make sure the towel is wet then I lather in my liquid or bar soap.
I have been using this brand for over 10 years.
Found it in a small market in Toronto, Canada and have been ordering through Amazon in the US ever since.
I like to follow with a good nourishing moisturizer and my skin stays soft and supple to the touch.
So glad I took a chance and got these.
These are the only kind of body scrubber/wash cloth we have used for years.
Moving from Hawaii to a small town in Oregon we couldn't find these anywhere but ours were several years old and ready to be replaced.
The quality is great and I will be ordering more.
Absolutely love these.
I won't lie though it does feel like ur scrubbing ur skin with a Brillo pad, but excellent for exfoliation.
I found no problems with it keeping a lather with my body wash.
It's long enough so with the right maneuvering u can scrub ur shoulders, back and butt too.
I thought considering it came in a pack of three I'd share them with my family and they love them too.
Oh and those of you with sensitive skin, I myself have very sensitive skin and use this daily and besides looking pinkish when i get out of the shower I'm fine.
Whats that old saying?
&#34;No pain no gain&#34;.
These are the best exfoliating scrubbers--forget those wimpy little poofs.
Even my husband has started using these.
These are really awesome!!
They make your skin so soft.
The only complaint I have it that they are so long.
I would love for them to be the size of a washcloth but with the length it is easy to get your back and they are still great.
Wish you could leave 0 stars.
These are disgusting.
Yes, it says towel and I was looking for wash cloth.
They weren't kidding.
Who needs a towel made out of nylon?
I couldn't even take it out of the package.
They use such harsh chemicals on it.
I should have known if it was coming from the Orient.
The company Cloud 9 takes forever to email you back, when you want to return.
Their email states to wrap carefully and they won't refund damaged goods, blah, blah.
Arrived early, product is great quality.
Great for exfoliating skin.
May be a bit long for some; I keep one full length and cut one in half.
Use them every other day to exfoliate!<br />Great for feet too!
I feel so clean afterwards!!
This keeps my skin SO soft it is unreal!
You will never want to use a washcloth again!!!
Love the way this makes my skin feel.
And I can get all of my back by myself.
No different than the wrap I purchased in the states.
It helps with reaching areas on back that cannot be done alone.
This product is absolutely amazing!!
My skin has never been this soft before.
I have bought these for friends & family after discovering them for myself - everyone loves them!!
It's a very soft exfoliator that does some serious work in creating baby smooth skin.
I tend to have sensitive skin myself & have never had any issues with these.
I use just a couple of pumps of my Neutrogena Rainbath body wash & it creates such a rich lather that using the body wash alone could never do.
I highly recommend this product to any & everyone.
Exfoliates gently to leave your skin baby soft and dries quickly.
Got my package very quickly.
Does a great job of exfoliating my body.
Easier to use than gloves and faster.
Will definitely purchase again.
Works very well but rather rough.
I think that you can really hurt your skin if you are too vigorous using this product.
If you want something similar to this product and cheaper, grab some sandpaper and pass it all over your body.
This left my skin with scars.
My skin is so much softer after using this.
These are great for exfoliation.
Leaves my skin so soft.
The best, makes your skin feel so good after using.
The best shower scrubbers ever.
They may be a bit harsh if you don't already use a scrubber, but these are great because you can get that part on your back that you always miss.
You get used to the roughness and I like it because I always feel like I get really good exfoliation.
My boyfriend wonders why my skin is so soft, and I think this helps.
He started using one too and really likes it.
Very coarse so its hard on the over all skin.
It might soften as you continually used it but my skin is quite sensitive and I stopped using it.
Use these all the time .Great for exfoliation
Really great at exfoliating dry skin.
Noticeable softness after just one use.
I'll never buy a shower sponge again after using these towels.
These towels make it easy to clean hard to reach places and dry out quicker than regular sponges.
These cloths are great for exfoliating your skin, and they are a perfect size for bathing.
Great for travel because they dry in a flash.
Purchased as a gift for my girlfriend, she loves them.
They are nice and rough to get that very scrubbed feel but not so hard to scratch you up.
I did not rate softness as that is not the purpose of this product.
It has done a great job of exfoliating and leaving my skin MUCH softer.
Also love how I can get my back so well with it due to the length.
I bought the 3 pack, one for me and two for gifts.
A great price performer!
My first Foreign girl friend was Japanese and we met in ,Take a guess, Japan.
I was working as an aviation mechanic and was the low man on the pole if you know what I mean.
That meant I got all the good jobs like changing out hydraulic lines and anything the big dogs did not want to do.<br />After a few dates she told me "OK JOE me like you a lot but you have to get skin cleaner" and she gave me one of the wash cloths.
Anyone that has wrenched for a living knows that some of this stuff comes off in phases.
I was amazed at how well this thing foamed up with soap and how well it cleaned .<br />There is not a place on your body you cant clean with this amazing product.
It dries in minutes and if you want to you let it hanging your shower for years.
I have to remind myself to swap it out.
It cleans it self every time you use it.
Unlike some slimy disgusting wash cloth.<br />My Japanese girl left me for a flashy fly boy but that had to do with going state side not hydraulic oil.
40 years later I'm still benefiting because of Salux was cloths.
Not meant to be soft, you get a great scrub from this , love it!
These skin cloths are great for cleaning the entire body.
My skin feels smoother after using it.
They dry really fast and are hygienic.
Really, really fast shipping.
I bought the item from Green Forest and it got to me very quickly.
The Salux cloths seem to be authentic and do not smell bad.
I hope this will help my skin!
I actually really like this product.
A fufala is not as grainy so you don’t get the same scrub and clean feeling.
This feels like you’re using a sugar or salt scrub without actually using them.
Just add a little soap to this and it goes along way.
You definitely feel like you have scrubbed away the dirtiest layer of your skin.
And you can easily get to your back with the length that is given
Love it, have been using this for over 15 years.
Best product out there for cleaning the back.
I bought something similar to these at Walgreens, and I liked it well enough.
But then I came across these on amazon, read the reviews and decided to try them,WOW!....am I glad I did!.
These are far superior to the ones I got at Walgreens!, bigger size, heavier material, better quality construction.<br /><br />My husband absolutly adores them and won't use anything else now because he can finally wash his back the way he wants to.
I adore them because I can even use them on my face, no more buying seperate scrubs or pads (sorry St.Ives).<br /><br />They work way better and are much more sanitary then a shower poof or loofa, they dry within minutes and you can toss them right in the wash with hot water, I highly recommend these.
2nd time I've bought this.
Feels great, like it's doing a good job of exfoliating.
Just wish they seem the sides also not just the ends.
I've used these cloths for many years - long before Amazon carried them.
I had a friend visit the Japanese market in Costa Mesa to get them for me.
Thankfully I no longer have to pester her.
Imagine my happiness finding out a couple years ago that Amazon now carried them.
They're nice and exfoliating.
I have to have a rougher wash cloth or I don't feel clean (but it's too rough on my face).
They never mold so I have to remind myself to switch them out yearly (they seem to get a bit less scrubby as the years go by).
Three cloths last three years for me.
I'll never use anything else now.
Its a little rough texture but its great for a loofah or exfoliating.
Great price the best exfoliating product to wash with.
The length of it helps you wash everywhere
I inadvertently stumbled upon these while browsing Amazons beauty section.
Seriously, I've never ever heard of these Japanese bath towels.
Anywho, I read the reviews and decided to purchase them and OH WOW...I'm so glad I did!!!
After my first use, scrubbing away in the shower and rinsing off....my skin feels...oh gosh...it feels ah-freaking-mazing!
I mean it, it feels better than touchably soft.
Outstanding 5 star product...so happy I stumbled :)
These are amazing, they scrub and lather better than a loufah but are more durable.
I've been using the same one for over a month with no sign of wearing out.
My skin feels so much cleaner after using these magic little towels.
I purchased these because I was developing some back acne / back bumps.
I was very skeptical about these, but the reviews were positive, so I figured it was worth a shot.
After a few weeks of using, I noticed that my back bumps were gone / or decreased.
My back is so smooth now and I love it.
I think this is worth the price for the results I have achieved and I am planning on purchasing some for gifts.
It is also nice because you can throw them in the washer machine to keep clean and last longer.
These make your skin so soft.
I have sensitive skin so I only use it 2-3 times a week, but the exfoliating is wonderful.
Its really long so that your able to wash your back etc.
but I found the length to be cumbersome.
I ended up cutting it into smaller wash cloth sizes so it stores better in my shower.
No need for body scrubs when you have one of these!
😍 love it ... it’s the real one!!!
I love these cleansing cloths!
I've been using them for about 2 years now and at this point, can't live without one in my shower.
They make my shower gels lather perfectly and they scrub my skin w/o being too hard on it.
I use less shower gel and get better results.
I don't feel nearly as clean using a washcloth as I do using the Salux cloth.
I used to use nylon poufs but they can't hold a candle to my Salux; they just don't exfoliate as well.
I often rinse it and lightly scrub my skin as I rinse off lather and my skin feels even cleaner that way.
Another great feature is the long length, I can clean my back easily.<br /><br />Maybe it's because of the large amount of suds created, but I can smell my shower gels a LOT more using my Salux cloth than a washcloth.
I love using scented shower gels and my Salux makes them more noticeable to me.<br /><br />It's great for the gym too, I roll it in a towel to dry and leave it hanging in my locker.
It dries almost 100% that way so no worries about a funky smelling washcloth in the locker or gym bag.<br /><br />I wash mine weekly in the laundry with towels, using hot water and oxiclean, and they come out great.
These things work great.
So much better than a standard washcloth.
I loved it so much and i always used this when I was child .I am very happy to found this item on Amazon again.
I am so happy that I found these on Amazon!
I used to only be able to find these in little Japanese markets.
These things are great for exfoliating your skin.
If I can't use one, I don't feel like I'm fully clean.
:) Get these and try them out, you won't be disappointed.
Also, they are long, which makes washing your back a breeze.
Sooo much better than a plain washcloth.
I love the feel of my skin after using this as it exfoliates just enough to have that baby skin again.
I also appreciate the length so you can scrub your own back or step into the &#34;u&#34; and scrub your feet with it.
Washes very nicely so you're not harboring any funky skin particles in it.
It also dries very quickly since it's so porous.
Oh, and I BOUGHT these, no freebies here.
These japanese wash cloths are great to smooth out rough skin and feels great!
Try em you'll like em!
I love these because the dry really quickly.
I read about this on one of those buzzfeed articles, and I’m glad I listened.
It is a great exfoliator.
Just follow instructions that are printed on the packaging and you are good to go.
Of course given the materials it will feel a bit rough, but that is why it works great.
Lotion just glides on better and skin feels softer and looks lighter.
The best product for exfoliating tough to remove dead skin.
I love the large size.
This has been a shower game changer.
I just wish there was a slightly less abrasive option so I can alternate high abrasion and medium abrasion.
Love it, scrubs great!
Like size of towels but a little rough on the skin.
I've been using these for 8 years and they haven't let me down once.
After running into these washcloths at Spaland in Busan, South Korea, I've been in love.<br />Excellent texture, large enough to scrub my back easily.
Washable so you can use them till they wear out.<br /><br />Quality (5/5): Solid and well cut<br />Form (5/5): Long rectangle.
Easily large enough for any person.<br />Ascetic (5/5): Looks like a bumpy, thin, dishcloth.<br />Price (3/5): These are pretty expensive.
Can probably find these at the Japanese dollar store for way less.
SOAP IT UP AND CLEAN YOUR BODY, THAT IS WHAY THESE ARE FOR.<br />Larger than normal wash cloth, softer, does the job.
My mother is Japanese, and I have used these all my life.
This washcloth is perfect.
Great for exfoliating.
Have used these for years and I love them
Been using this product for years.
Love it & would not feel clean without it
Everything about this scrubber is awesome!!!
Lathers great, rinses great and gives you the right amount of scrub.
I LOVE these towels.
You get the benefits of a loofah with a towel you can throw in the wash.
I even have one in my travel bag.
I read about these on a beauty blog and then purchased off of the other rave reviews.<br /><br />Pros - They are pretty awesome at exfoliating and my legs felt like i had just left the spa after a $150 scrub treatment.
I also have little acne bumps on my chest that seem to be sloughing away with this.
They are a little abrasive, but it feels like just the right roughness once you start scrubbing.
The length is very nice for back scrubbing.
i cant wait to use these in the summer to remove suntan oil and sunscreen!
Could also be good for pre-sunless tanning exfoliating - easy to get in between toes and fingers!<br /><br />Cons - abrasive enough that daily use might be too harsh for skin.
when scrubbing arms and chest, the material is a bit much for one had.
I guess not really a con, but a learning curve since poofs fit conveniently in one hand.<br /><br />An idea - if anyone is crafty, these would make awesome poofs!just some looping and tying or required.
They stay clean and last a long time.
We have been using them for almost 4 years.
These are the best back scrubs out there.
Just add soap, extend them over your back and scrub away.
Ten seconds and you are done.
I've always had bumps on my upper arm and this towel helped to smooth them out.
I also use SA lotion after bathing with this towel to help further smooth out my arms.
The results aren't instant but if you keep at it, you'll definitely see some improvement!
That being said, I use this once to twice a week because I don't think it's a good idea to exfoliate so much.
The texture is pretty rough but that's to be expected.
This also helps with scrubbing my back!
Perfect for shower easy to wash your back.
I bought the three pack bc it was as better deal.
Single units at my local Asian market is $5.<br /><br />I don't crew been using this for 40 years, and every now and then you get one that is fake.
The packaging is the same, but it feels less exfoliating as it is more saturated with water.
The towel softens and doesn't hold its firm when folded as the real ones.
It also seems like it'll puncture easier than the real ones.<br /><br />I think this pack is counterfeit and will return these abs go back to the store.
This was very harsh on the skin despite saying it was soft.
Like coarse sandpaper.
These exfoliating wash cloths are just amazing!
It works better than any other form of exfoliation I've ever tried.
It's works very well at exfoliating all of the dead skin cells off.
Leaves your skin softer and renewed.
It can be very abrasive, so dont scrub too hard.
Im not sure if it would be a great option for sensitive skin, but I LOVE it.
Amazing loofa, I love it!
I used to have hand made Arabic loofa but got very old and I couldn't get the same one so I gave these a try and I love it.
These are INCREDIBLE.
I have used the $50 mit - and that sucked.
These work so well, and the price is right!
I hang mine to dry over my towel after squeezing it dry.
It made a transition from FL to WI a breeze and cleared up any issues I had.
You will not be disappointed.
Great for exfoliating and helps me remember my happy times at Japanese saunas.
They're great for holding each end and scrubbing your entire back.
This thing is amazing.
I have dry skin and all too often after taking a shower I will dry myself off (a bit rough) with my towel and still see a lot of dirt/skin coming off the towel.
I tried using exfoliants and other body scrubs which worked at varying levels but in general ended up costing a lot of money.<br /><br />I visited a Korean spa and heard of the body scrub that they offered and did some research about what they used.
I then purchased the “Exfoliating Scrub Bath Mitten” from Amazon since it was what a lot of these spas were using.
However, I found it terrible largely because its so small and makes it hard to actually scrub anything.
I can see it working for a child but not for a grown man.<br /><br />I gave up for a year until Amazon recommendations ( THANK YOU) brought this product to my attention.
All I can say that this is a god send.
Its large, easy to maneuver and rough but not too rough on my skin.
I never felt so clean after using it.
It also lathers body wash very well so only a tea spoon amount is needed for me to give my entire body a proper cleaning.
I have been using the Salux brand Japanese Beauty Skin Cloth for more than 15 years.<br /><br />I love it so much I buy them to give as gifts to my doctors and health and beauty conscious friends.<br /><br />100% of the people I have given the beauty cloth to as gifts are thrilled with them.<br /><br />But this last order was counterfeit.
The cloths were limpid thin, and the weave was loose.
I know how the cloths should look and feel so this fake cloths were easy to spot.
I checked the reviews to see if other customers were experiencing the problem of counterfeit Salux.
Many people are encountering this problem.
One reviewer identified the seller from whom she bought the counterfeit as DH Gate.
The seller who sold me the counterfeit is quanzhoukaifaguy.
I spoke with an Amazon agent to report the counterfeit.
Amazon was super fast in helping me make the arrangements to return the fake Salux.
All I have to do is drop off the cloths at Whole Foods.<br />Here is a short list of TRUSTWORTHY sellers I have either bought Salux and other things from over the years and/or who are highly ranked in customer satisfaction reviews:<br />Japan Super Mall 48,198 reviews 97% customer service satisfaction.<br /><br />Kikura 16,381 reviews 98% customer satisfaction<br /><br />Cosmic Shopping Center 9,091 reviews 100% customer satisfaction<br /><br />Ichiban Japan 5,584 reviews 99% positive<br /><br />Simply A Plus 13,487 reviews, 98% positive.<br /><br />Let's do business with the trusted sellers.
Excelente material y terminado.
Exfoliate like a crazy person.
Everything is smooth.
Much better than a poof!
Works like a charm is light weight and reaches your entire back
I really like knowing that you are clean after shower
These are like a million little scrubbies cleaning your skin.
It makes me feel clean and smooth but not dry or scratched up.
It works well with soap bars or liquid soap or even by itself.
I gave one to my mother and sister and they lived them too!
Much better than a loofa!
I can clean my entire body and my skin feels nice and soft afterwards.
My body skin is in the best shape it has ever been.
You can't be a wimp - they feel very different when you first use them, but the reward is the best skin of your life!
Wholly moly these are abrasive!
So I use it sparingly and without applying too much pressure.
Still like it and glad to have try it!
Awesome product but much cheaper in the local stores.
Rougher than I had imagined but still good
Originally bought them while living in Hawaii and still use them years later!
This wash cloth is awesome!
My skin felt smooth after first use!!
I cut the cloth in smaller pieces!
I’m sure they will last me a year now!
My favorite beauty product.
Keeps my skin soft and clean.
Easy to toss in the washer and reuse.
I often gift these to friends.
Took my whole life to find this.
No more loofas and Sponges.
Incredible product for the low price!
Works very well to exfoliate.
Very very happy with these!
These make my skin so smooth and soft.
I love them and will repurchase in the future
If you are looking for a deep skin exfoliation this is it.
It is NOT a soft silky cloth.
It is a deep cleansing, lathering cloth to get down into your body!
I been buying these for over 25 years-- I learned how to use it even on my face.
If you use it right your skin will be beautifully clean, no dry skin, all dead cells come off, and also gets your pours scrubbed out and open.
I buy my at the Asian grocery mart.
This is not for kids, but if you teach them skin care it could be.
I love this item it is a great scrubber for whole body.
With the length it’s easy to wash your back.
Great Value for the money.
WONDERFUL QUALITY!!!!!!!
After buying 1 like 4 yrs ago, I was immediately hooked.
They help me feel super clean after a shower, while some might feel they are a bit on the rough side, I love them.
Just make sure you get the real Salux because the knock-off simply won't do.
I won’t wash with anything else!
great product not sure why amazon why amazon included softness, meant as a exfoliating cloth.
but works great i use it on my body never the face!
my back is much cleaner and the cloth makes for easy use very large!
Great for exfoliating.
Don't scrub too hard but really gets rid of the dead skin.
Like that they dry so quickly unlike a washclosh.
It’s amazing how well these exfoliate.
Suitable for people who like hard bathing cloth as an exfoliating natural tool .
Seem more hygenic than loofahs, but still exfoliating and clean feeling.
Better than any loofah or bath puff that I have ever tried.
Soap lathers really well and the length is great for scrubbing your back.
Exfoliation was a plus.
Great for exfoliation.
I have Ketosis Pilaras and this has helped with the ugly little bumps on my arms.
They’re not completely gone, but the change has been dramatic!
I've been using these cloths for years.
Best cloth you'll ever use and they are very long lasting.
You will not be sorry.
It's feels very abrasive upon use, but the feeling after I use it makes my body's skin really soft afterward.
This is definitely one of those life-changing items you should buy.
You can't find a negative thing about it...ditch the old wash cloth..save time , and get cleaner..
This gives you good exfoliation and it’s inexpensive!
I bought these to replace my loofah because I am worried about bacteria buildup.
These exfoliate better than my loofah and lather up my body wash better than my washcloth!
I really like these they get rid of dry skin and help my shaved legs stay smoother longer!
They hold up well in the washing machine and I would repurchase this product again!
I bought them also because I've had trouble cleaning my back in the past and I have scoliosis so I have frequent back pain and do not want to exacerbate it by twisting and turning myself to wash my back and these make the job so much easier and less painful.
Thank you for creating this product!
My skin has never felt softer.<br />I now caress my own skin because I feel smooth as silk.
No more back breakouts and razor bumps after shaving.
Nylon is abrasive and takes some adjusting but I cannot imagine a bath without it.
I have used these Salux wash towels for 20 + years.
You need to be careful when first using them so you do not rub too hard.
They are woven nylon and do exfoliate your skin while using.
I have had comments about my clear skin for year.
The towels are long enough to go over shoulder & down the backside.
I will use these forever...Love them.
I ordered these without really expecting much.
The product is excellent.
My skin feels so soft, the fabric holds suds very well, rinses thoroughly and drys fast.
The problem of Itchy skin especially around my back and shoulders seems to be solved!
Holy smokes my skin has never felt so smooth.
Way better than a loofah.
I'm able to really scrub my back with this thing and I think if you are a person who shaves their legs this item is a must have.
If you exfoliate your legs really well (be careful not to go too hard or you will hurt yourself) before shaving you will have amazingly soft and smooth legs.
Originally bought this to help with husbands Kiratosis Pilaris, but it's too soon to tell what effect this will have on it.
I’m not sure how I lived without this product.
I’ve tried many different exfoliation tools for all over body care but this one IS THE BEST.
The trick is to get the cloth wet first, add your body wash, then get a good lather going and do not add any more water to your cloth until your ready to rinse it off.
You will be left with VERY noticeable softer skin after the first use.
Continued use to keep up the results.
If you have bumpy skin, dry feet, or Keratosis pilaris, this will resolve your issues.
It makes shaving better (closer, no bumps).
It makes lotion glide on better.
Overall making skin look glowing and more youthful.
These are long enough to use across your back and hard to reach areas.
WOW - these cloths are great.
I used one and gave one to my mother and the other to my sister.
We all agree that it works as a full-body exfoliator and leaves your skin very soft.
Make sure you use in the shower on wet skin.
Was looking for something that would provide a deep, thorough cleaning.
Tried soap pads, loofahs, wash cloths, and everything had some kind of flaw.
But this was it.<br /><br />Feels very rough at first.
Not sure if that's the product breaking in or you're skin not being used to it.
But after the 2-3 initial uses, it's great.
Cleans well, lathers well, and most importantly for me, rinses off well.
Hated that my loofah might be soaking up all of those nasty germs.
And every week or so I'll just throw it into the wash. Just be careful not to put it into the dryer.
My family have been using these Salux Wash Cloths for about 7 years.
Each cloth lasts about 12 months with daily use and provides a comfortable bath or shower.
Like the instructions on the package explains, wet the cloth, apply soap (bar of liquid) work up a lather and wash your body with it.
The texture of the cloth exfoliates your skin and makes for smooth skin.
Recommend running the cloths through the laundry weekly, but not the dryer only air dry.
Great scrub and helps to reach hard to reach places.
Great exfoliating product
These are way better than your average shower pouf and really get through the &#34;nooks and crannies&#34; lol I highly recommend these!!
Excellent washcloths:-) Thanks, Amazon!
The Japanese wash cloth was recommended by my dermatologist.
It none like other, it's a very good sponge.
I've tried Korean bath mitts and I liked them, but found them not very ergonomic and I don't like that they're not really meant to be used with cleanser.
Salux cloths are so easy to use and I love how much lather you get with your soap.
I use it full length for my back and then fold it up to be about hand-sized and use that for the rest of my body.
No tub cleanup like a sugar scrub requires and you get squeaky clean!
My skin is so smooth and I never get ingrown hairs from shaving anymore.
I've never used these before so I don't have anything to compare it to, but I believe they work as expected.
The washcloths are large enough to scrub your back with, and easy to throw in the wash.
They seem to have held up well too.
a bit hard side, but it is the best to wash my back!
Using these for over a decade.<br />No nasty mold grows on these things if you hang to dry, it dries quickly.
Throw it in the washing machine with the towels to ensure a good clean.<br />For the skin, you'll need to get used to it, but it scrubs the skin better than anything else on the market.<br />No, that don't last forever, so you'll need to replace.
These are the real thing and work fabulously!
Do yourself a favor and get the best!
I love these they make your skin feel very soft
These are simple and awesome.
Great to scrub/exfoliate the back and leave it soft and smooth.
Sometimes a little breaking in time is necessary.
Pretty intensely rough right out of the package!
Excellent for exfoliating.
I have used a few scrub towels before and this is by far the best made one yet.
It's thicker than ones I have had, and has nicely sewn edges.
Think it will hold up over many uses.
highly recommend this product.
These are the best scrubbing wash clothes.
I've given them out to friends to try and have stocked up on them, in case I can't find them in the future.
Especially good to know they don't hurt the environment, like the plastic &#34;micobeads&#34; in scrubbing soaps are doing (and eventually, they will all have to be made illegal).
Besides, those plastic microbeads are NOTHING compared to how well these wash clothes work.
I LOVE that they are so long.
Great way to get a really good back scrub because, even folded in half, I can pull it around my back and saw away.
Best scrubbers for back.
I've tried others from Asian markets in my town, but they don't compare
I used to get lots of little red bumps and ingrown hairs on my thighs that were impossible to get rid of.
Even razors wouldn't clear the problem, but a bit of scrubbing with these in every shower has been a life-changer.
My skin looks substantially clearer and is the softest I've felt it to be.
They do have a bit of a chemical smell, and I would recommend washing them before using them the first time.
Lastly, it does not irritate or seem to cause any discomfort or pain to scrub away and exfoliate, which is not something I can say of many other exfoliating products I've tried.
Wash cloth was not to soft nor to hard.
Perfect for my skin type, which is sensitive.
I bought these washcloth as a bit of an experiment and am pleasantly surprised with the results.
Principally, I like the fact that they are big enough that I can get them behind me and really scrub my back and unlike a brush, I can throw them into the washing machine.
They are a bit rough which I view as a positive.
They &#34;suds up&#34; better than a conventional washcloth and leave my skin feeling really clean.
I've used them for a couple of months and am very happy with them.
I'll be interested to see how they hold up with more time.
It did exactly what I wanted it to do: Scrub away ketosis pilaris on my upper arms.
Its rough but depends on how hard you rub it.
I swear I think I lost like 5 lbs (of skin) after showering with this 🤣 lmao
Description stated three cloths.
I only received TWO for price.
Not happy with that as need third cloth.
These Japanese bath cloths exfoliate your skin and give you more suds to clean your skin.
I don't feel clean unless I use one.
Really love these scrub towels.
Gets the crud off and feels like a salt scrub all in one 😬 We keep them I.
Each shower and both travel bags.
Gave as gifts to several friends.
Best way to scrub your back to get all spots by yourself because it’s flexible; not stiff like long handled brushes or small like loofahs ❣️
These exfoliating towels, are fantastic!
I was a bit skeptical at first, but I figured with all the reviews it had to be a decent product.
I was pleasantly surprised with how large the towels are.
They are fairly long ,so you get a good grip on them as you scrub, and it creates a good lather.
I felt my legs after I first used it, and they were so soft!
Definitely, worth the purchase!
These have a very noticeable plasticky oder that doesn't fade over time and it's pungent.
Love these, I use them all the time.
Great exfoliator for your body.
I saw some similar at a friends house so thought these may have been them.
These are a bit rougher hoping the scrub texture will soften a bit after washing.
overall good just a bit rougher than I'd like for my overall body.
Item is as described.
You feel squeaky clean after using it!
These are terrific, they work very well.
Easy to get my back, and makes my skin so smooth.
They are very scratchy - but I like that.
Make a great lather!
Very glad I got these!
I have been using these for over 30 years and love them.
My first was a gift from Japanese friends and I have used them exclusively for the last 30 years.
They exfoliate without using force.
They are long, dry quickly for packing.
Just can't beat them.
Cloth is strong and long enough to reach your back.
the product is Made from Japan and it’s $10 for 3PCS.. everything it does is better than my natural loofah and way better than dollar tree nylon loofah.. its Cheaper, Lathers better, exfoliates places i can’t especially my back, and its not too rough around the pelvis area as i really like to exfoliating that area and keep it clean for my lady :-)
Perfect addition to my exfoliation arsenal.
Works up a nice lather with a bar of soap and I feel so clean after.
Fresh so clean clean
I feel like I get a little exfoliation every time I shower.
Long enough to get your back too!
I love, love, love this!!
It cleans very well.
A little soap goes a long way.
My skin is baby soft after use!
I will continue to purchase these vs the traditional loofah.
A really great scrubber for baths or showers, the Salux Bath Wash is plenty long to reach all the necessary spots on your body and it has enough roughness to help you exfoliate!
Super useful and a great alternative to a bath sponge, the material is durable and refreshing...
They're great for scrubbing your back.
Essentially it's just one of those puff ball body scrub things in a giant sheet.
If you want something that will scrub the crap out of your back this is the ticket.
Durable, super aggressive and scrubby.
I'm not sure how these aren't super common in America, I've certainly never seen one till I ordered them.
But they're amazing, they should be common place honestly, highly recommend!
I gave these as gifts after trying one myself.
Everyone who received one just stared at me like I was a nut.
We'll see if they use them and &#34;get it.&#34;<br /><br />My experience is they are great exfoliaters of the skin.
Soap spreads through them quickly.
You get a cloth full of soap in no time at all.
You would think they would use more soap since they exfoliate the soap as well, but soap seems to last longer with these things.
They work great in a large shower.
All the people I gave them to have small showers so they are probably going to wonder why I gave them wash clothes that are too big for their showers (another strike against me).<br /><br />I really like using these things.
I have extra ones and I am trying to get my wife to use them as well.<br /><br />Bonus tip: I clean the nether regions using the end with the tag on it.
That way I can know which side parts are forbidden to touch the face.<br /><br />They dry super fast.
I really like these.
They are a good exfoliant, and very helpful with hard to reach places.
It's going to take me a while to work throughout the three pack.
This is a must-have bath item.
It's essential to exfoliate your skin if you want healthy, smooth skin.
I used to have kp (keratosis pilaris) aka those small chicken bumps that appear on your arms.
This definitely helped with that.
The important thing to remember is to not overuse it.
Like, the maximum extent to which you should use this wash cloth is every other day.
It'll actually irritate your skin if you use it too much and end up doing more harm than good.
One cloth lasts a very long time (I've been using one for 6 months).
The first use will probably hurt, but the cloth gets less intense with more use.
After around 5 washes, it because the perfect exfoliating cloth!
Terrific product, washes well in the washing machine.
I am going to order more !
Package contains three skin cloths as described.
However, they all smelled very bad regardless how thoroughly and repeatedly I washed them.
The bottom line - You get what you paid for; I paid $2.90 including shipping for three pieces and thus I have no regret.
Therefore, I gave it 2 stars as the items were delivered promptly about 2 weeks by seller from oversea (China).
These are not genuine Salux beauty skin cloth since I have been using true genuine Salux skin cloth #100 (60% nylon & 40% polyester) for a long time and I purchased them from local reputable Asian market.
Items I received are 100% nylon and also picture of lady on package is different than what shown online and/or genuine Salux package.
I don't mind they are not genuine Salux but I just cannot stand the bad odor (Note: some other reviews have mentioned this)<br /><br />For those who like to know what counterfeit Salux is, the following website has detailed info.<br />[...]<br /><br />Updated - Upgraded from 2 to 3 stars based on the strong odor is fading after several days of use.
They are abit rough depending on what you are use to washing with but definitely gets the job done
Leaves your skin baby soft!
They have just the right amount of scrubbiness to exfoliate deeply.
It’s great for my arms and long enough to get my back.
Sometimes if I feel my face really needs some exfoliation, I’ll use these cloths lightly and they do a great job.
They massage my body and clean it so well.
These are not the knockoffs.
They are the great exfoliating towels that you are looking for!
I love the way my skin feels after using Salux.
I have used other exfoliating towels before but they lose their exfoliating texture after a couple uses.
Salux does not and I can tell will last.
This is my 3rd or 4th order of these as I like to share them with family & friends.
I’ve been using the same one for several years.
They are great for scrubbing those hard to reach places like the center of your back.
I’ve tried many different kinds of scrubbers & this is the only one I’ve stuck with.
These are rough towels but it does the job to exfoliate your body.
I primary use this for my back and use this once a week.
You will get that smoothness and softness of your skin after use.
These bath clothes are the best I've ever tried.
They exfoliate better than anything else and they're long so you can do your back.
Exactly what i was looking for!
It's a little more abrasive than the ones i have been finding locally.
I have been using these style wash clothes for over 40 years and they are the best!
My Dermotologist recommend this product and I have to say...it works!!
It lathers up easily and leaves my skin glowing beautifully!
My husband likes to use it to exfoliate and clean his back and it lathers okay.
I've been using these for a few months now.<br /><br />I love taking a hot bath and exfoliating with one of these.
Baby soft skin again.<br />So cheap and worth every penny.
I kept one and gave one to my daughter we both agree these make your skin feel super smooth.
Have family in Japan and fell in love with these wash cloths ( called body towels in Japan).
They are rough enough to exfoliate skin and long enough to scrub your back easily.great for shower or bath
Best way to get super clean.
I use these exclusively.
I am a serious beauty junkie and for the life of me did not know these existed until I read about them on a beauty forum recently.
I have been using these for a few weeks now and they far surpas the loofah gloves I've been using for years!
How did I not know these existed?!
They do a much better job of exfoliation than my loofah gloves ever did (I immediately threw those away).
I love using scented shower gels and these stay seriously sudsy my entire shower and rinse out perfectly clean.
I can now scrub my back withou getting into all sorts of contorted positions!
My back (and the rest of me) is smoother than ever.
I use these daily and will never shower without them again.
These are great bath products.
I gave one to everyone I knew for christmas.
helps you get to all the spots in the shower effortlessly.
Gently exfoliates and gets a great lather on whatever cleanser you are using.
Excellent for cleaning the feet without having to sit down or bend over.
Accept no substitutes!
I bought these and at the same time bought some cheap fake ones at another site thinking there wouldn't be much difference.
But in fact, the difference in quality is astonishing.
The fakes had a coarser texture whereas authentic Salux, while they are intended to exfoliate, are never too rough on your skin.
I can even crumple these up and use them as an exfoliating &#34;puff&#34; on my face, which I'd never be able to do with the fakes -- they'd probably draw blood, they're so coarse.
I'm convinced: stick with the original!
This is a great scrubber.
I buy it for myself and for my family members.
I love these to really scrub and exfoliate.
Other clothes or loofahs are too soft.
This is great but isn’t too rough.
Really helps w my keratosis.
Would recommend cutting each cloth into many pieces if you intend to use his for your face.
The towels are great exfoliators and my skin feels great!
Biggest selling point is the length of the towels which allow me to get my back really well.
These are on the rough side, but I prefer that.
Will never use washcloths again!
It's nice, a good volume, fun to use but the price on amazon is ridiculous.
You can find these in most asian stores for a dollar a piece, and they sell it individually.
Unless you want to pay 4x the price or it isn't really available in your area I wouldn't recommend buying it from amazon..
I ordered more for my sis and mom
I have been looking for this for a long time.
The last one I had I used for years and it had holes before I had to throw it away.
This is a great product for a clean wash.
It cleans thoroughly, washes off easily, and dries up fast for the next use.
I really like the product.
It works just as I expected it.
It doesn't stink at all like some complained.
I've used it for a while.
I'm very satisfied with the product.
I will buy it again.
I love these things.
To me they are so much better than a body pouf as those things never seem to dry and I can never get all the soap out of them.
These work up a great lather, rinse well, dry quickly, and you can matching wash them!<br />I would recommend not putting them in the dryer though.
It doesn't melt but if you use dryer sheets it can coat your wash cloth and make it less effective at lathering and rinsing out.<br />My whole family uses them and I always keep one on hand for guests too.
I love the feel of my skin after.
It feels smooth and exfoliated.
I won't switch for anything!
Not the most comfortable of washcloths, but that's not the point!
It's good at exfoliating and washes out well.
I feel like each one will last a good long while.
These are so much better than loofahs.
This is very abrasive (just like I wanted) and helps smooth my skin.
It helps with rough patches and areas prone to numbs and ingrown hairs.
I don't use soap with mine and it still works great.<br />I often find loofahs are too soft/smooth and plastic-y, but this is not like that at all.
this'll rip off all the layers of dead gunk living on your skin my dude.
I'm in love with my new SALUX nylon scrubbing cloth!<br /><br />A few drops of my body wash and I am swathed in luxurious suds while I scrub!<br /><br />I have many skin conditions on top of extremely high sensitivity; this cloth softens skin and improves circulation.
I found a new holy grail product.
I’ve been using Salux for years now, and since I’ve started, I never used a regular loofa again.
This towel is amazing.
It’s the BEST body exfoliator HANDS DOWN!
My skin is always so smooth and soft.
I’ve also noticed that it helps to fade dark spots.
For me, I get dark spots from mosquito bites during the summer.
Salux helps speed the healing process.<br /><br />It’s meant to cleanse/exfoliate so it will be very rough and take time to get used to at first, but once you do, trust me you will never go back to those flimsy loofas!
This is truly an amazing product.
My favorite was to shower, exfoliates very well.
I came across these while searching for a replacement loofah and based on the reviews I decided to give them a try.
I must say they really are fantastic.
They do a great job scrubbing my skin, I've never felt cleaner after taking a shower.
I also like that they are long enough to easily scrub my back.
I'm totally sold on these towels.
Takes a minute to get used to.
Very exfoliating, which is exactly what I was looking for.
Definitely feel really clean after using it.
Don't know why I haven't heard about these sooner.
Your skin will almost feel as if you've just had a Korean body scrub.
This is so great for body!
This the was legit scrub not the knock offs which I was happy to receive.
My skin is so smooth!
I never take a shower without them.
They are a staple in my beauty routine.
Makes your skin super soft!
Compared to other similar, they become way too soft as to no longer be able to exfoliate and they also quickly fall apart.
Made my skin itchy after using it.
Seems like I am allergic to nylon material
These cloths are now a MUST for me.
I use them with African Black Soap and they lather nicely and really scrub off the dead skin cells.
My skin has never felt smoother and my complexion has never looked better.
I have suffered from cystic acne on my back and shoulders and this product has changed my skin- and my life.
One cloth lasts for over a month... and they dry quickly and easily in between uses.
The size and length are perfect for cleaning and scrubbing hard to reach places on your back.
I love this item and wish I would have found this years ago.
Its far better than any shower sponge or exfoliating scrub I have ever used... and I have used A LOT!
I didn't notice an odor as indicated in other reviews.
Will definitely be a repeat customer.
Found these first a long time ago at a KO-Mart in Houston.
Was very happy to find them available in three-packs.<br /><br />You won't miss a square inch when using this washcloth.
Also, it is hard to tell when they wear out.
The texture seems to hold up to quite a large number of showers.
They leave you feeling extremely clean and scrub more than your average loofah, but gentle enough so you don't feel too sensitive after.
Use for daily shower for a daily exfoliate
I have ordered a few times the same product before.
The SALUX were too hard before all the colors, and it feels so good when I take my shower my body feels so clean after the shower, but, now the only Salux that feels good is the Pink color.
I tried the blue one first then the yellow one and in the end, I tried the Pink.
the blue one and the yellow feels too soft it doesn't keep you clean and is too slippery.
They last longer than the ones from target and are more firm.
Love how rough these scrubbers are!
I can actually see my dead skin and dirt wash away as I scrub.
Great buy, I continue to buy it even few months since everyone in my house uses them.
These are so great if you like a really good scrub.
They last a long, long time, like years!
Makes you feel totally clean.
I was tired of using those round loofahs that ends up falling apart.
These are rough enough to scrub your skin clean and soft enough not to hurt you.
I love these because they last forever and saves the planet just a little.
They also dry really fast preventing mildew or mold.
It’s long where you can clean your whole backside.
Much too big for a washcloth.
It is not soft you should know before you buy.
It is for exfoliating so it is very satisfying specially on your back.
You cant stop using it.
I haven't used these particular bath cloths/towels yet but I was happy to find them.
I've been using these for years and they are generally hard to find.
Much better than the bath puffs for exfoliating and for scrubbing your back.
Tried finding these locally and had no one carried them.
My go to for over 2 years now.
I love the exfoliation these provide.<br /><br />Not to mention that a little soap goes a lonnnng way with the way h the is lather.
I spent 14 years in Japan and was very happy to discover these.
These seem a little courser than I was used to, but still highly recommend.
5-Stars for my taste!
Purchased these as replacements for another brand that I had been using for years.
They are very scratchy.
If you can get through the first few uses then you will actually begin to like them.
You definitely get exfoliated and feel refreshed after your shower.
Would not recommend for anyone with tender or sensitive skin.
Also they are very large compared to the typical store bought ones.
These exfoliate really well.<br />The long slim design makes it easy to exfoliate your back.
great for removing and exfoliating dead skin cell.
If you grew up in Hawaii, this is probably the one you used growing up.
These cloths have a very light abrasive texture that cleans and regenerates the skin!
They are absolutely wonderful!
They also rinse and clean easily and last a good while before they become too soft.
Discard your wash cloths!
These are the ticket!
Seeing these as a recommended item on another product page, I did some research, quickly became intrigued, and decided to give them a try.
After the first shower (and with every successive shower), all I can say is wow.
The nylon material itself is strong, flexible, and durable (the one I'm using is fine after 2 months).
The design/weave of the material allows me to build up a good lather, even with low-lather body washes.
Unlike a loofah or bath puff, the length of the wash cloth gives the ability to reach difficult areas, like the full length of the back.
Finally, the level of exfoliation is just enough: my skin (which can be pretty sensitive) definitely felt smooth and exfoliated, but there was no irritation or sensitivity, which can sometimes occur with more harsh exfoliating products.
Considering what this wash cloth can do, don't waste your money on scrubs or loofahs.
Rough feel on the body but you get use to it and im sure it will soften over time...
These are great for removing &#34;barnacles&#34; from my back.
They are long enough to grab both ends and pull across your back.
My husband noticed the results immediately.
It is a little uncomfortable at first but you get great results quickly.
I use it with the soap on my chest, legs, and back.
I apply the lotion only in the reas that I can reach.
Not sure that you need the lotion.
I keep a second one just for my face.
On the face I am very gentle...takes the place of expensive microdermabrasion products.
after using many different brands of these bath cloths, these ones come across as a little on the rough side.
maybe im not used to it, but fresh out of the bag, it was too rough on my skin.
after a couple of showers it's perfect and softens up.
These are great for exfoliating and hold up well through many washes.
Would recommend and buy again.
Great massages while taking a bath/shower.
Get your skin clean, and feeling great.
They last about two months before fraying at the edges, worth the price.
I use it in the shower with soap and my skin feel so invigorated afterwards.
Great for improving circulation.
Ever week I just put it in the washing machiene and wash it.
I've been using one for a fee months and it still looks like new.
Exfoliating often on your wash is so healthy for you and your skin!!
These towels are super lightweight and i felt like it helped get rid of the tiny bumps i had on my chest area!
definitely worth the money.
It can be rough but after a couple washes your body gets used to it.
Not the same material as the ones i get at the Asian store but they work OK.
Nice and scrubby, exfoliates beautifully.
I absolutely love these wash cloths.
They aren't too stiff or scratchy.
They lather up well with most any soap/bath wash I've used.
The best perk of all when fully extended I can get a good luxurious back wash.
super Duper scratchy in the best way!
Exfoliation elation!
Quick shipping, sufficiently wrapped, item as described.
This wash netting is the best for your skin takes off all the rough spots and it is not too rough just right and big enough to wash your back with no effort.
Both my husband and I use it.
Coming from an Asian family, I have been using this kind of wash cloth since I was a very young child.
This specific brand is my favorite.
It has a rough texture which is how I prefer my cloths.
Honestly, it can be an acquired taste since some people might prefer softer, more gentle cloths.
This is NOT for them.
I love this one because I feel like I am doing a full exfoliation while I soap up.
I have tried similar products but when it's too soft I feel like I might still have dirt lingering somewhere.
Those $1.99 loofas you get at a drug store do NOT compare to the durability this product has.
It will last 10X longer!
Also I never understood how people wash their backs with those...I am not that flexible.
i can never go back to normal loofas.
this is my forever go to scrubber!!
the best exfoliation you will ever get are from these cloths!
I usually buy these at the 99 store but it’s so far from me that it ends up not even being worth the price.
Love how well they scrub I feel loofahs do nothingnive ysed these for years I also use on my face and notice less breakouts (just be gentle)
Changed my bath ritual completely!!!
I would recommend this to anyone wanting smoother skin and a easier way to remove dead skin.
I have used these washcloths since I was a child.
It's a &#34;staple&#34; in Japanese homes.
It's rougher than a loofah and it never molds or stinks like regular washcloths.
Need something to remove the dead skin cells?
I seen someone on YouTube using this to have healthy glowing skin.
The first time I used it I thought it was excessive with the size, but just lather it up and fold it down to a good square to clean your whole body.
You open it up to get to your back and boom you're done!
My skin feels great after, EVERYTIME!
I moisturize with a shea mix and my skin is nice and moisturized.
Bought these for my boyfriend.
These are the only scrubs he likes to use.
Long lasting and exfoliates really well.
Functional and comfortable.
couldn't live without these
I saw this advertised on a buzzfeed article and looked through the product reviews and decided to give it a try.
I'm so glad I did because I'll use this forever in place of any body scrubs I ever used before!
It makes my skin so soft and more receptive to the lotion I use.
Please keep in mind that it is pretty abrasive but not enough to leave your skin raw.
Have been using this for more years than I can remember ever since my Mom bought it at the Japanese store.
I cannot stand to bathe without it.
Is the best wash towel ever made.
Better than a reg washcloth.
Great for daily exfoliating.
Just hop on over to the hardware store and buy some fine grain sandpaper!
These &#34;wash&#34; cloths will rip your skin if your skin is at all sensitive.
Really, the people who said they have sensitive skin and use this product truly don't have sensitive skin.
I tired it with tons of soap and it still felt like sandpaper.
I can't imagine the damage you could really do to your skin if you are not very careful.
I have one in my shower and one in my travel bag so that I don’t shower without it.
Makes you feel so clean!
It lasts a long time too as long as you hang it to dry after every shower.
I have only been using these scratchy wash clothes for over a decade and I am never going to use anything else!
These cloths are extremely hard.
I would not recommend anyone with sensitive skin to try these.
It feels like a Brillo pad on the skin.
These were recommended to me by a co worker.
My husband and I both love them for washing your back.
They are a little scratchy, gets softer as they are used more, but boy do they make your back feel nice and clean.
I also use them on my outer thighs for exfoliation.
I sorta feel invigorated after using this product.
You can wash them on gentle in the washing machine when you need to.
I will be buying more, because my husband wants to make one into a glove of sorts , to use all over that is how much he likes it .
Works great for back area.
No more scummy back brush
Obsessed with these!
Very best way to scrub your back, and they can be thrown in the wash!
Excellent product my husbands uses one also has a touch of psoriasis and with home using those in the shower no more scaling.
I actually use it once a week on my face and live it.
Can’t really say enough about the product.
I’ve actually bought 2 different sizes.
I was about to cough up the $200 for a microdermabrasion kit when another Amazon reviewer clued me in on these bad boys.
These are so effective and so affordable!!
I have very oily, acne prone skin and my husband has extremely dry skin as well as eczema.
We both use these cloths and have noticed a considerable difference.
They make great body cleansing and face exfoliators (but be careful and be gentle on your face!!).
Also be sure and moisturizer afterward.
I will definitely keep buying these!
I didn't like them that much, not as much as other reviewers touted how great they are.
I mean it's basically the same mesh a shower puff is made out of.
It may technically be a different material, but it exfoliates the same and feels the same.
I wasn't impressed with it.
It does have an advantage over a wash cloth I suppose it probably dries quickly and doesn't harbor germs.
Nothing exfoliates as well as this!
My skin is so smooth.
Do not use on any delicate areas of skin.
Authentic wash cloth.
Long lasting, great quality and durable.
Will continue buying this as needed for the foreseeable future
I love the strong exfoliating feeling.
If you're pain intolerant then I would say that you should probably find something gentler to exfoliate with.
This is very scratchy.
I can easily reach places on my back that I was unable to before.
I haven't had a single ingrown hair since using these on my armpits, and that is amazing.
My armpits even look lighter and feel softer.
I was previously using a sugar scrub, but it wasn't as good as these clothes are.
Just make sure not to over-exfoliate.
I did on my legs, and it made them bumpier.
These are a game changer.
The value on these were good and I've been using the same one for months.
I like that they have a coarse texture to them, makes it feel like you're really scrubbing and getting clean.
Item was as described and came just as pictures.<br />I looked a lot into an exfoliating cloth for use before sunless tanner application.
I have tried others in the past but this is hands down the best.
My favorite thing is that it is plenty long enough to hold an end in each hand and reach al of my back.<br />I use this 1-3x a week and love how soft and smooth my skin is.
I have been using one of the cloths for about 6 weeks and there's no sign of fraying, wear.
Perfect rough texture.
This exfoliates better then any other product I have tried.
It's great because the length allow you to exfoliate your own back.
I’ve been using this product for years my skin is softer and after shover u feel clean.. best thing I wash it with my Landry it never molds and it’s always clean !
Excellent exfoliating wash cloth
I was looking for it while I was in Japan and could not find it in any of the stores I went to.
I admit I was not there to shop but did go to quite a few drugstores and large grocery stores.
I was so happy to find these on Amazon.
The spa I stayed in uses the Cure scrubs but I like these just as much.
I wish I had discover these years before.
I look forward to bath time now.
I feel so clean after using this.
I've been using these for a few years.
I buy a new set every year and throw out the old ones.
My husband, daughter and myself use them.
They are better than the puffy ones.
Not scratchy, but seems to exfoliate just the right amount.
One pump worked ok .... the other one is totally defective.
I tried everything to get it to pump the shampoo, and nothing worked .
These are just fantastic for exfoliation!
I love them and they are rather large.
These work really great.
I cut one towel into 4 separate pieces (for a man) and then I used a heat gun to melt the sides a little bit.
This prevents them from fraying (very important that you do this step or else the strings will begin to fray)<br /><br />These towels are so durable that just 1 of the 25% pieces will last 3 months of daily showers so the entire towel will yield 1 year of showers or more.
The exfoliation is perfect so I have been using it every other shower.
On the other days I just use a bar of soap without the cloth.
Because I think too much exfoliation may not be healthy.
Great for scrubbing off dirt and exfoliating.
My skin feels so soft
Really the best exfoliation!
Got me feelin' smooth!
It works great for exfoliating.
love this exfoliating wash cloth.
it really feels like it does the job and make my skin smoother and softer.
so much better than regular loofah.
A friend gave me one of these bath wash cloths.
It feels so good on my skin.
With the length, I can easily scrub my own back.
I've now given one to my husband, a friend, and my sister-in-law.
They all love this bath/shower cloth too.
Very convenient for travel.
Folds up flat and dries fast.
Im not japanese yet it felt like it did better a job than other products
It's like you're getting your skin burned off, but in the end you have perfect sloughed off clean skin.
My manly boyfriend refuses to use it because he says he feels like he's on fire.
These are my favorite bath product and have replaced my loofah.
They are very exfoliating and can also be used on sensitive areas such as your face.
These things are great.
I kept one as a back up, gave the pink one to my girlfriend, and kept the blue one.
I've used it every day since purchase, and it's held up well.
It's currently showing no signs of wear, tear, or fraying.
Definitely worth the purchase.
It doesn't get soft too fast which I find that many other brands do.
Just the right length.
Greatest thing for your skin after lotion.
Its gentle enough to use every shower but also removes dead skin like a seasoned pro.
I use this in the shower in place of a regular washcloth/loofah and I don't regret it.
It's great for exfoliating the skin and it doesn't feel too rough!
I took one of these towels on a backpacking trip to Malaysia during the summer and it was great because they dry very fast so they can be packed away within the hour.
This is a holy grail to my sensitive skin and germaphobic personality!
It does take time to get use to due to it's extremely rough feel, but once you start to use it on a daily, it's hard to use anything else!
Nothing else gives me such a clean feeling on my skin during my showers.
I use to have very bad skin conditions all over my body: eczema, body acne, dry patches, and dark spots.
This helped clear basically everything, and now I'm more confident in showing my skin in public than I have ever been.<br /><br />It soaks up soak very nicely, and you can feel all of the dirt that's on your skin from day to day activities getting scrubbed off.
The long length is great for reaching in hard to reach spots, such as your back.<br /><br />The one thing I will warn people about is that since it's extremely rough, I would strongly advice against using it on your face.
Reserved for Prime Member?
large poly rag, prefer the loofa, not my cup o' tea.
I don't know if my skin didn't need exfoliation, if I am using them right, or if the reviews are just BS...I do not notice my skin exfoliating.
My skin is soft, naturally so maybe I will never get those results.
One positive is they do dry quickly and feel cleaner than regular facecloths.
I like the ability to use them on my back as well.
Great price for a great product.
These exfoliate really well and are large enough for me to use on my back.
They also last a long time.
I heard about and read reviews of these famous Japanese washcloths.
They definitely live up to the hype.
Excellent for removing winter dry skin, promoting circulation, and more!
Love this - always have & always will!
Best exfoliating sponge cloth in the market (and I consider myself an expert when it comes to bathing products).
best exfoliating towels I have ever used, My skin is much softer and smoother after using the towels for a while now
I’m a repeat customer- My husband keeps stealing mine!
Great exfoliation- definitely not gentle but it makes my skin soft!
I’ve used these since I was a kid.
My mom and Grandma and even great Grandma used them.
If you want super soft skin, you can use these for dry brushing as well as scrubbing up in the bath or shower.
I loooooove the feeling of clean smooth skin.
This product exceeded my expectations and I like the fact that you just need to rinse when done and hang to dry!
Will certainly buy again!
I read about these from buzzfeed I believe.
I had them in my saved later for awhile and kept thinking I can get these from the store down the street for like $1.
Well I finally got them.
They are nothing like the ones from the store down the street!!
These actually feel like rough, but in a good way.
Like it’s really exfoliating!!
I just feel cleaner using this.
I’d definitely buy again.
Grew up using these and still use them to this day.
I've tried other brands from Bed Bath & Beyond and other retailers and nothing compares to the original Salux brand.
These little beauties feel like heaven on your skin.
Not too rough at all.
Just make sure you use plenty of soap and be gentle.
I use it everyday, even in the winter.
I also take hot, hot, hot showers!
So if your skin feels dry afterwards don't blame the cloth it's probably that you need to drink more water or change the type of soap you use.
They do a great job getting your skin clean and massaging your body.
I also like how effortless washing your back is when you've got one of these nearby.
I will admit I was at first put off by how huge they are but you quickly get use to it and if you don't you can always cut them down to size.
They are easy to clean too, just pop them in the washer and dryer and they're pretty much brand new again but too be honest considering the material they are made out of you shouldn't need to wash them too often anyway, just rinse them after use, wring them out and hang them up to air dry.
Since I loved how my skin felt after use, I decided to give as gifts to family members.
I hope they love them as much as I do.
They are more abrasive than the loofas I have ever used but skin is so smooth.
I wish they were half as long though.
These are the greatest - I can scrub my back with ease, it helps polish my skin and leaves it softer!
Great and durable, last a long time.
A little rough on the skin.
Skin feels noticeably smoother after washing with this.
What I received definitely did not look like what is advertised and what everyone has been posting.
The bar code numbers don't even match!
It also says it was distributed in Honolulu, Hawaii!
It was called a "nylon wash cloth" instead of a "beauty skin cloth" .
On top of that the plastic wrapping on one of them had something on it.
I used this brand for over two decades and love it !
Exfoliating and exhilarating.
Say good bye to the dry itchy winter skin.
I will say that not everyone will appreciate the texture but I find it just right.
I started using these in Korea when I lived there for several years, and these are the only ones I could find that were comparable and washable.
I really like them, and will continue to use them because they are well-made and do the job they are supposed to!
Salux is the first and the best maker of this type of cloth.
If you use body wash, this cloth will give you LOTS of lather and allow you to use less wash.
I fold the cloth into a pad, wet it down, drip the body wash on to the pad, fold it again, wash the parts of me that I can reach (getting LOTS of lather in the process).
Then, I open up the sudsy cloth and use it to scrub my back.
The Salux bath cloth enables me to get REALLY clean!
I've been using them for years and if I'm traveling, it's a minor crisis if I forget to bring it.
Used them when I lived in Hawaii.
Hasn't shrunk after several washes.
I have never felt as clean as I do now.
My skin feels invigorated and smooth.
Will be buying these as gifts
i love this feels so much cleaner than a loofa or wash cloth!
I love these, and gave some to my friends.
The length is great for washing my back.
Really excited that I found these on Amazon.
I’ve been using these for years so to be able to find them again is fantastic.
After all the Japanese invented the bath.
Amazing product exfoliates your skin leaves it feeling so smooth, it is a bit rough but takes time to get use to especially if you have sensitive skin.
***UPDATE Feb. 2021***<br />I still continue to use these exclusively.
I absolutely love them.
One time, I bought the single, gray towel that is marketed as being more exfoliating, but I didn't notice a difference.
Don't bother - just buy the 3-pack and enjoy!<br /><br />These are fantastic.<br />I bought them for dry brushing purposes- I've been dry brushing to help with both circulation (I have cellulite, and since I started dry brushing last year I noticed a *slight* improvement, which is better than nothing) and the keratosis pilaris on my upper arms.
I love dry brushing, it feels great, but there were quite a few days when I missed it and would get in the shower to use a soft washcloth.<br /><br />Now these babies...on the days when I don't dry brush before taking a shower, I use these intensively in the areas I would while dry brushing.
My kp is gone from my arms (and butt!)
and I have smooth skin.
Before these I had dry, sensitive skin and now my arms still feel smooth even when I don't moisturize.
I was worried about using this on sensitive areas like my neck and chest, but I just use a lighter hand in those areas and still get great results (never tried it on my face).<br /><br />For those with kp, I'm throwing out another product recommendation: Mario Badescu AHA Botanical Body Wash.
Using that, with these towels, has rid me of kp.<br /><br />Finally, these were essential to help me with a botched (user-error) self-tan job.
Normally after using an exfoliating glove during a shower I steal have dead skin rolling off me like eraser shedding, bUT not with this product.
This is exactly what I was looking for.
Provides the best exfoliation and makes my skin soft and smooth.
Feel clean after using it!
love love love thank you soooo much
These were terrible.
I guess good if you want to scrub your skin off.
Not what I thought they were.
I returned and I only received about 1/2 my money back!
I didn’t even use them!
If you like your scrubby thing extra scrubby and exfoliatey...yeah I know... these are for you.
They have a rough scrub from the first use to the last use.
Just make sure your last use isn't like six months after the first.
Good to have in the shower to scrub with.
I CANNOT BELIEVE THESE THINSG---SHOULD HAVE BEEN USING THEM BEFORE.
THANKS AGAIN AMAZON.
TOO BIG.<br />WAY MUCH BIGGER THAN I EXPECTED
Once you have these you'll never go back to poofs again!
They work well and can be used everywhere with little soap.
Buy the 3 pack and replace every few months, the scratchyness does go away with everyday use.
These things are life changers for travelers,campers, active, and avid outdoors people!
I really enjoy these towels.
If you like to massage your skin and get the blood circulating this is what you should have.
When I have finished showering my skin tingles.
I love my salux towel!
My skin is so ridiculously smooth!
Every time I shower I wet the cloth, rub some soap bar on it, turn off the water, and scrub my whole body, including face and neck, with my salux.
I wash it off and feel my skin much smoother.
There was hair inside of one of cloths.
I have given these as gifts as well as use them myself.
Just as described and gives your back a good scrub.
I love this bath towel and I like that it is long enough so I can stretch it across my back and not have a hard time doing it.It is hard enough and not to hard where it scratches my skin and is abrasive.I like the it is from Japan and excellent quality and not made cheaply.It makes my skin feel very soft and helps to exfoliate it and remove dead skin.I would recommend this product to family and friends.I love this and would buy it again when I need need these.
Mines came in yesterday so I washed all of them and used it in the shower tonight and I am blown away!!!
I absolutely LOVE this product and won't ever use a shower sponge on a stick ever again.
I felt so clean using this towel with my Castile soap.
Highly recommend this product!!!
these are wonderful!!!!
if you have not tried them DO
Who would think something so simple could be good--it has scrub power and it makes it easy to reach your back and it dries super fast--I like it!
These have been great - I can feel a difference on my skin after using them - it's smoother and softer.
I use it in the shower with diluted castile soap - doesn't lather quite as well as a &#34;pouf&#34; but you can work up a lather.
Very durable - one lasts ages.
I've been using these for 7 years and I will never go back to cotton wash cloths
This was my first time ordering this product and boy was I pleased.
I had been looking for a replacement to my stabdard washcloth and this was perfect.
It exfoliates the body great, especially for the tricky dead skin leftover from a sunburn.
The towels are large and I use them to exfoliate everything but the face.
I will buy more of these in the future!
These things are great for scrubbing yourself.
I don't know what else to say.
Ummm, they don't hold water, and therefore don't smell funky.
Are rough enough to work without stripping your hide.
Best exfoliating cloth out there.
Durable, fun colors and great quality, no fraying.
I forgot how clean a new scrubber felt!
These don’t tear & cant have a good shower without them.
They do age cause nothing lasts forever.
Was so good to wash with a brand new one.
My other one I was using was five years old and still good but you can’t beat new!
Two days after I placed the order, my Salux arrived!
How is it I have just learned of these?!
I will never go without one again.
I was able to scrub my entire back and later in the day my boyfriend commented how nice my back felt.
I have battled back acne for years and feel my new salux is the solution.
I purchased a pack of 3 - one for my boyfriend and the other two for home and work.
I will probably buy another for my mother and am thinking of cutting one up into smaller pieces for face, elbows, etc.
I don't see how anyone could say these are too rough - you decide how much scrubbing you do and how harshly you scrub.
Given the feel of the material, I believe these will last a long time and they are huge.
Excellent product, excellent price, excellent seller!!!!!!
I love how it exfoliates.
Rough, but softens after a few uses.
They lather up SO well!
Don’t get me started on the exfoliating portion of it!
Leaves my skin feeling so very soft!
nice quick body scrub
It gets a little softer after use, but it’s the best scrubber for the job.
I only order it through Amazon because I no longer live in Hawaii.
Granddaughter loved it
I used to use a loofa but these are so much more versatile and last longer.
A little scratchy at first but breaks in.
My family has been using these for years, and I recently wanted a new set.
They last for quite a while.
The effect on the skin feels very refreshing and rejuvenating.
Highly recommended for anyone that has had regular loofah and was not completely satisfied.
These are a ton better than your standard bath pouf.
Very exfoliating without being scratchy, plus you can hang them up to dry so they don't get moldy and gross.
Never going back to poufs.
Skin feels amazing and soft.
Takes a few uses to get used to the texture.
Helps you exfoliate and thoroughly clean your back.
First time using it was rough and was about to toss it.
But second time I got more used to it and my skin felt smoother and cleaner.
A few more times and I can't shower without it, just needing more care around the groin area...<br /><br />I used a cloth towel prior to this to scrub and my bath towel would always smell after 2 or 3 times even when I thought I was scrubbing myself down enough.
But after using this cloth, my towel has no smell after 4 days!
I killed myself worrying if I had BO throughout the day and occasionally would smell some, but now I have no worries.
And it drip dries within several hours without trapping much crap in its &#34;fibers&#34; so less time needed to clean it.
The best washcloth you will ever have.
Gives you the softest skin and feeling fresh and clean
Better than any wash cloth.
It last a while and is good for scrubbing your skin.
I have used loofas, mittens, brushes with handles.
you name it, I’ve probably tried it!
What I love about this product: 1.
A small amount of body wash goes along way.
Cleans my skin extremely well.
Your skin will thank you.
It feels so good post scrubbing.
Really good for blood circulation too (you will feel it).
I use them for bodily physical exfoliation everyday.
They are a bit rough, think brillo pad, and I wouldn't use them on face/genital areas.
These combined with Kojie San will have your skin bright and smooth.
I suggest replacing every 2 months or when they lose their abrasiveness.
These are a great way to wash your back by yourself!
I bought one for my elderly Mother so she could wash herself.
Definitely long enough for the purpose.
Wish I knew about these in my 20&#34;s!
Better than you'd find anywhere in BBB or drugstores!
These are thick well made nylon wash cloths.
I love the feel of this when washing my body in the shower.
It's long enough even for my hubs (6 foot tall) to wash his back without twisting and bending his arms awkwardly!
Oversize cloth that scrubs your skin leaving you feeling extra clean.
Quick drying and rinses out all the soap no junk left in like a loofa.
Among all the nylon wash clothes there is only one Salux.
It is made in Japan.
Don't waste money on cheaper Chinese knock offs.
They look the same but they don't work the same.
Only Salux is rough and stays rough time after time, giving you this clean feeling.
This makes my skin really soft and gives it a nice smooth, silky feeling when I step out of the shower.
The texture feels nice on the skin and exfoliates well.
I have no longer have issues with ingrown hair on my legs after hair removal also.
Finally, a bath towel that actually exfoliates.
I think everyone has pretty much said everything.
But, I will add a few things:<br /><br />Since using this every day, when I moisturize afterwards my skin has a shiny glow to it, especially on my legs.
My skin tone has more than evened out and looks a lot younger.
Exfoliating increases blood flow to the skin and helps generate collagen which in turn will make your skin younger.<br /><br />Also, I'm one of those unfortunate people who would always have chapped lips no matter what I do.
I was never one of those with so soft petal-like lips.
I started rubbing this cloth over my lips in the shower to remove dead skin.
Since doing this my lips are baby soft 24/7!
My liquid lipsticks and balm stains all look so good now on my lips.
I'm never having to bit my lips to remove dead skin.
Just enough exfoliating properties.
Increases lather exponentially.
Folded or spread out for back scrubbing.<br />Most versatile cloth around.
I have used for over 10 years and will never be without.
My husband uses them in the shower to soap up.
I like to get them wet and use on my face.
Good to get the circulation going and to remove dead skin.
These take a little while to get to the US, however they work great for scrubbing your back, feet, under your arms, and anything that needs a good scrubbing really.
They are very tough and rough and they will last forever.
I use it on my face once in a great while for exfoliation, but do not use it everyday on face as it will irritate your skin.
It works very good on your heels and rough areas on your feet.
I've been using these for a few years now, but these are softer than the ones I'm used to using.
Personally I like the rougher ones more, but that's just a personal preference.
Superb product, easy to dry!
I'll buy these forever.
They dry incredibly fast and lather soap really well.
I don't go through bars of soap or body wash as quickly as I used to.
It's rough on the skin, but it's like someone giving you an awesome back scratching.
The fact that they dry quickly is my favorite selling point.
It's not gross like a loofa.
I use these for my morning shower at the gym and I hate lugging around anything wet.
These things are awesome.
Very rough and really work to scrub down and get a deep exfoliation.
They dry very quick and are very affordable.
Would 100% buy again.
Do not use these everyday.
Maybe every other or third day because one wash is very deep.
I use this scrubby with Aveeno Skin Relief bodywash, and it has cleared up most of my body acne and keratosis pilaris.
I think it exfoliates almost as well as a sugar/salt scrub, but without the added step, mess, or oily residue (which is nice sometimes, but not something I want with every shower).
My skin just feels clean and extra smooth.
I'm glad I got the 3 pack!
The best body scrubber I have ever used and it lasts FOREVER!
I used to buy these at longs when I lived in Hawaii, so happy they are accessible on amazon
These bath wash gourmets are a must for getting dead skin cells from your elbows, feet, knees and other body parts.
Skin feels silkily smooth after each use.
A must have for total body cleaning.
Love love love these!
I was using the Body Shop ones but they have closed so many stores and not on the online store so I saw these and the reviews were on the money.
Definitely will repurchase.
Also like another reviewer said make sure your body and the clothe are really wet before using.
After hearing about these from a friend, I knew I needed to try them.
I like these more than the pouf sponges you can buy to use.
They lather up very easily and use very little soap.
They leave your skin feeling soft.
Bought these after ready an review about 3 things you have to have from Amazon.
They were touted as a more hygienic solution to the shower puff.
I’m not sure how it is more hygienic.
It also has a texture like sand paper and is generally unpleasant to have near your skin.
expected it to be a better exfoliate.<br />G<br />Gave it 2 stars but was disappointed.
I don't feel clean when I don't use this.
For those of you who have never tried a salux.
These are hands down the best exfoliaters for the body you will ever find.
My friend brought me over one from Japan, and I have never looked back.
I have issues with eczema, flaky, and scaly skin.
This product keeps my skin smooth and soft, while removing the dead cracked skin.
My skin has started to look so much healthier now.
It's especially good for getting nice smooth feet.
I bought a set of towels in July, and they were definitely the genuine article.
I just got into the set I bought in December, and they are definite fakes.
Packaging matched the first, but the towel was definitely different.
Almost soft by comparison, and definitely thin/lightweight.
The tag on the towel was the real giveaway.
If it hadn't been so long, I'd return them.
Not a lot of value for money if it's a roll of the dice on what I'm going to get.<br /><br />I'm really torn right now.
Do I order another set from this vendor or seek another, and hopefully get genuine Salux?
Great for exfoliating!
No me agradó para nada parecen pedazos de bolsas de plástico para compras!
he comprado otras toallas y han estado un poco mas ásperas ideales para exfoliar la piel, estas no sirven para nada.
I tried others when my first one finally wore out.
However, the Salux cloth wins by far!
It is my favorite wash cloth.
You will never want to use anything else!
It is hard to believe how much dead skin and who knows what else these remove.
They actually polish your back.
Wonderful-and so affordable.
My daughter and friends love them.
Love this product!!!
I can easily get the spots on my back now.
Scratchy is a good thing!
!<br />I have gotten others that are too soft and do not keep shape or exfoliate.<br />These are good ones!
Long lasting, awesome length, washable, nice gritty texture for maximum elimination of dead skin over body.
Feels amazing and lathers with soap beautifully.
These in my opinion are the best on the market--all others pale by comparison.
Love this product, gives me soft skin!
This product never disappoints.
Everyone I’ve ever gifted one to has always been very happy with it also and asked where they can get more.
Great quality and much cheaper than the store.
The product it's self seems to be of quality construction.
They are just too harsh for my sensitive skin.
the perfect wash cloth.
keeps skin clean and soft.
it's something I could get at the store nearby, but works really well.
I have never felt so clean before.
This scrub isn’t for you if prefer a soft scrub.
You will feel clean using the body wash with this, and no issue cleaning your back.
It's amazing to me some of the little things in life that make me so happy.
These bath scrubbers fall into that category!
I ordered three to try then ordered 15 more.
I keep giving them to friends.
Somebody stop me...apparently the good ones are from japan, don't buy them if they're from china (they probably glow in the dark).
Anyway, this is a very heavy duty scrubber material and so far the one in my shower still looks and feels new, after a month.
The ones I bought at target would last a couple of weeks and were very thin and almost twice the price.
These are the greatest.
Buy them now in large quantities.
I love these cloths!
Discovered washcloths like these at korean spas.
They look silly but in practice they are perfect for getting a great all-over scrub.
The length allows you to get every part of your back without being a contortionist and they are much easier to keep clean and non-funky than a traditional cloth, scrubber, or loofah.
They dry completely between uses and last for many showers.
They dry fast enough to store in your gym bag or suitcase without worrying about funky smells.
Fast delivery and awesome product!
I use this with the One with Nature bar of soap.
Absolutely in love, exfoliates the skin beautiful, be careful, its pretty harsh.
So much more hygienic than my old poof.
Dries fast and machine washable.
Works well for scrubbing off dead skin
These things work great.
Really easy to make sure you reach your entire back without dislocating a shoulder.
Even my 85 year old mom loves this cloth!
It is not so abrasive as to hurt your skin,yet it removes all the old, dulling, skin cells.
It leaves nothing behind!
It will make your skin feel like a baby's skin!
And it rinses clean in the shower.
Not aggressive enough for me, but better than the usual ones.
It’s the best one yet, hence five stars.
These washcloths are amazing!
They are perfect for exfoliation and so durable ... they last forever!
Helps exfoliate and isn't too rough on the skin.
Where were they all my life?
It is a little crude.
Great product fast shipping would repurchase
These will make your skin so soft you will never want to use a scrub again.
Husband came home after I used them the first time and couldn’t stop saying how soft my skin was.
Seriously just buy them lol
I love, love, love this scrub towel!
I grew up using this and they last a long time.<br /><br />I kept some at my house and another at my boyfriend's.
They definitely come in handy.
Since I grew up using this, I can't shower with anything else but this.
I will always feel dirty without it.<br /><br />It also exfoliates your skin, keeps your skin clean, and keeps you feeling clean.
!<br />This is the best, I will say it again, the BEST, for those who didn't hear in the back THE BEST sponge I have EVER, yes, EVER used.<br />I'm so used to using a Nigerian sponge, which works great or the bleh ones from Walmart.
But this sheds and scrubs and releases alll the dirt, the grime, the dead skin, the bad credit report, the bad relationships from your life, ALL of it and into the drain.
The texture takes a bit of time to get used to, so don't scrub for dear life.<br />This.
Completely, Worth, Your.
Cleanest I have ever been in my life.
I bought them for all of my guy friends and all of them have been amazed at how easily the grime comes off with these.
Gets rid of all the dead skin and feels great when washing my back and these are long enough to comfortably use on your entire body without straining yourself.
They dry fast (have to get excess water out first) and are very durable.
Be sure to lather up soap in these wash cloth/towels so that it doesn't feel too rough when you're washing with the cloth/towels.
If you have sensitive skin, this may be too rough to use even with soap unless you are very gentle when using in on your skin.
Love these scrubbers, used it since I was a kid.
great for deep cleans and scrubbing my back.
I first encountered this product in Taipei, and was disturbed when I was not able to find it in the states.
Now, finally, we are able to get it.
Highly recommended – it works just as described.
It is indispensable Indispensable for a thorough cleansing!
I'll never use anything else, ever again.
These make me feel so clean, and soft!
They are not made to be soft they are made to exfoliate and they’re amazing!
Dry quickly and we wash them once a week in the washing machine to keep them clean and they hold up well to that.
Definitely don't regret this purchase !
So much better than a loofah or wash cloth.
This is the best skin buffer and exfoliant.
I use every day instead of a wash cloth and my skin is baby soft.
Discovered these in a resort in Malaysia - totally in love because it allows you really to clean your back and neck - hard to reach spots!
There's isn't much more I can say that isn't already said.
I do like natural loofahs but those aren't as conveniently shaped (for understandable reason) as the large nylon cloth that is Salux.
Abrasive enough to get rid of lots of dead skin and durable enough to last a lot of years.
Too strong for facia use, but the best back scratcher ever'.
My last Salux lasted 8 years, and I was afraid I wouldn't be able to find them again.
I bought this in March '16 and I have to say... this has helped me exfoliate my skin like no other.
It is a bit rough when you first try it and I've now decided to use it every other day, but I love how this softens my skin versus the exfoliating gloves that I typically use.
More of an exfoliator than an every day wash cloth.
Too abrasive for every day use.
If you use anything else you're not getting clean
My uncle brought me a Japanese wash cloth YEARS ago.
I used the cloth until it was ragged around the edges while trying in vain to find another like it.
After reading the reviews on the SALUX cloth, I thought I would give it a try.
This is just like what my uncle gave me all those years ago!
BEST exfoliating towel ever.
Very glad to have found this product and I look forward to giving them as gifts!
They aren't too rough on the skin and leave it feeling soft.
Even better when you use lotion right after.
It doesn't lather as well so I think I'll go through more body wash.
Received order promptly cloths were brand new in package and actually made where they said they were in Japan.This particular brand name was well made just the right size and width good strong material and just the right amount of coarness body felt really clean
I had read a ton of beauty blogs talking about the benefits of using a Salux over a typical washcloth or loofa and wow I’m obsessed!
It works so well to exfoliate and buff away dead skin, especially those harder to reach areas like your back.
Definitely recommend!
Very rough and irritating; not as expected.
Have always used these and glad I good get them on Amazon.
It was too soft and kept fraying at the sides after a few days.
I don't know I f I got a bad batch but these don't feel like the original in terms if hardness and durability.
Online friends recommended these, and in two weeks, the rough skin on my shins that no amount of moisturizer would fix were gone.
This is a great product.
The pink and blue packages were great!
The yellow has a terrible scent that cannot be washed out.
Wish I would have found out sooner, but did not open the package until I needed it.
If you buy this I recommend at least opening each package so you can return if one is bad.
AMAZING exfoliation power!
I've had it hanging in the shower and my husband was afraid to use it because it felt a little rough but when you try it, it's actually soft on the skin.
Your skin will feel like butter after using this washcloth.
The quality itself is as it should be (nice and rough/exfoliating), and I do like the colors.
My main issue is with the fact that this isn't nearly as long as the same type of wash cloths sold at a nearby Japanese dollar store here.
I was expecting the same length and these are a good 1/4 of the length shorter.
Still possible to reach your back and all, but just a bit less comfortable to use.
At first i was a little dubious, but this makes be feel cleaner than ever!
Will Buy again for sure
They are so big you can scrub your whole back all by yourself.
And I feel so clean after using this.
fantastic price and selection
Good quality it is what I was expecting I defenly recommend.
I never liked Puffs.
This wash cloth works just like a towel but does not feel slimy or too wet.
These things really feel like they are scrubbing off the grime.
Works great with bar soap or liquid and is useful for getting your back and feet since they are large and long.
If you are on the fence just try them its a new experience and you will get clean.
I've been using these for several years now.
If you cut one in thirds and seam the raw edges, you get 3 perfect travel washcloths that dry in a jiffy and easily fit into a snack-sized ziploc bag.
Great for removing dry skin patches or scrubbing off dirt from working outside.
The best washcloths !
Diabetic, so have some skin issues...these help immensely...plus the long strip design means I can scrub places I cannot reach otherwise!
These work better than any bathing device I have ever used before.
Leaves me feeling exfoliated and clean.
I absolutely love these
It's a big scrubby towel, so it allows you to get your back as well and works super well!
My skin is super smooth these days :)
I had a Korean body scrub in Los Angeles and fell in love with the concept.
I love these since they do a great job scrubbing all over and they are long enough to fill your back.
I have washed them a few times and they hold up well.
Larger than I expected and really does the job!
I initially was skeptical about ordering these cloths based on the sporadic reviews.
I was introduced to these at a local spa.
I wasn't sure if these were the right ones and the reviews were all over the place.
However, I am here to report that the ones I was sent were AMAZING!
I used one and gave one to my dad and the last one to a gf for us all to try them out.
I am ordering another set now bc my mom needs one.
I am going to send some to my sis.
I 100% recommend these!
if you're looking for real exfoliation - this is the one for you.
i've used these for years and can't find any other product that holds a candle.
Authentic Japanese product.
I'm never going back to wash rags again.
You feel so much cleaner after using these.
It does take some getting used to because of the texture but in about a week it felt quite comfortable.
I was looking for something to use with my shower gels other than the pouf because i could never get a good grip on those things....well this is what I've been needing all along.
I'm not sure how long you're supposed to use the Salux but I plan to use a new one every 30 days or so.
Too coarse and irritates my skin.
This is the best exfoliating cloth ever.
I&#34;m over 50 now and my skin is usually dry.
This cloth exfoliates well and preps skin for moisturizing.
This product works very well to exfoliate and clean
not natural feeling like a loofah or Baiden Mitten (my favorite) but definitely works.. kinda gross seeing all the dead skin in the material after scrubbing but shows it works!
Just be careful- start slowly.
I like that I can hold onto each end and scrub my back.
Exfoliation device long enough to use on areas that are hard to reach (a.k.a., your back).<br />Lathers quite well, easy to rinse off, and dries quick.
Since I started using this, it has saved me quite a bit on exfoliating scrubs, because now I don't have to use those as often as I can gently exfoliate as I shower each day.<br />It does catch the occasional hair though, for people like me who shed enough to clog the drain in one shower...not a big deal, it's easy to pick off.<br /><br />Comes with three.
I haven't noticed a difference in the "roughness" of the different colors, so can't say anything about that.
These are rather lovely.
Wonderfully exfoliating, long enough to scrub your back, rinses out easily.
The only drawback, very minor, is that I noticed that they shed with use.
I discovered little blue bits in my drain
I use this every time I shower, and it gives me super soft skin.
It has also virtually eliminated my occasional body acne.
Highly recommend, especially if you have dry skin/flaky elbows.
I love that this dries completely and relatively quickly and is so easily packable (especially in comparison with a sugar scrub!).
It seems to last a lot longer and exfoliate better than the American versions of this I've tried (I think this three-pack could last me a year).
And it creates a ton of lather, so it's fun to use!
I think it would be too harsh to use on your face, but it's great for nearly everywhere else.
I will probably never stop buying these because I get such great results for such a reasonable price.
Everyone in my house has one and loves it.
No odor, perfect size, dries quickly and works as described.
I plan on ordering more.
I have no idea how long they last so I definitely want some back ups.
My husband LOVES these things!
They'll leave your skin red if you're not careful!
Great for people who didn't want that top layer of skin, anyway.
In all seriousness, these things are awesome.
Come out of the shower feeling super-clean!
Great price for the three.
Makes skin super soft.
But dont use daily because it can dry it out.
Removes dirty and grime.
Great to reach the spots in back that are hard to reach.
Have not tried it on my face because I break out easily.
Perfect exfoliating towels!
These towels exfoliate so well.
My skin was noticeably smoother after using this once!
If you aren't used to it, it can hurt a bit at first.
But once you get used to it, you'll know how hard to scrub.
Don't go too crazy on the scrubbing if you have sensitive skin though!
Apply just enough pressure.
My friend has super sensitive skin on her face and she scrubbed way too hard (as if she was using a normal face towel).
It removed the dead skin cells but also the normal flora (natural bacteria) on her face.
So she started breaking out a bit.
I really love these!
They leave my skin feeling soft as ever.
I wish I had found them sooner.
Better than expected
THESE ARE ABSOLUTELY AAAHHHMMMAAZZZZINNNG!!
I already was using a kissi glove & exfoliating gloves but THIS right here is THE BEST!!
I felt way more cleaner with these & my skin feels amazing!
I used coconut oil on my skin after & it just melted right into my skin!
I'll be purchasing more to have as stock & to give away as gifts!
makes skin very soft
Durable, and quick to dry.
Not rough like i thought they’d be.
My showering experience has been transformed and I’m as happy as the lady on the front.<br />They will catch all your loose hairs if just trimmed your beard or head.
I will never buy another loofa.
These towels are amazing.
very effective and still using after a year, not for facial use but great for exfoliating the body.
I don’t know why softness is a choice to review because these aren’t soft, but I want to be 100% positive.
These things are amazing.
I happened upon them totally by accident and now I’m hooked.
I’ve bought them for friends and family .
It makes your skin feel so good all over and the fact that it can scrub your whole back is amazing.
I can’t say enough nice things.
Great body scrubber.
Love that I can use allover including my back.
Just the right amount of roughness.
Not only does it feel good while using it, my skin looks incredible!
I discovered these wonderful towels in Japan about 20 years ago.
It's hard to go back to a regular wash cloth after using these.
I recently left mine at an AirBnB on vacation, so I ordered some new ones.
These are the real deal!
Been using these types of wash cloth all my life.
I love these defiantly not for some may find it rough, but I enjoy the exfoliation.
Very good product does exactly what it is suppose to do.
I love how big these are, you can scrub your own back!
I have dry, itchy skin and this cloth just absolutely kicks flakies to the curb.
I’ve been using this type of exfoliating towel for years.
I wouldn’t describe it as soft because it’s not meant to be, it’s a really good scrubbing towel.
Leaves my skin very clean and soft
Solo un poco de humedad se siente.
A family member got me attached to these over lufas (spelling?).
The one she provided me was too soft and broke apart easily, this one feels almost like a brillo pad in that it'll give a rough scrub.
It's also very durable, my first one lasted what seems like forever.
The best wash clothes you can buy.
More exfoliating than a regular loufah.
Can be used for your face too.
I've been showering with these for years.
They are super durable, dry quickly if you're traveling and exfoliate your skin.
Reach all parts of your body with this long wash cloth!
These are sooo much better than those mesh scubbies.
I wish I knew about these sooner.
I have only started using these for a couple weeks now but even after the first use I felt so clean.
Good:<br />- soft enough, but cleansing the skin, helps to put off dirt and old skin;<br />- frugal: good foam, from the average amount of gel, stays on until you wash it off.<br />- easy to wash off-put underwater.
washes off easily of itself.<br />- color is vivid, but no color washout<br />- I have used the first one for a while, still strong.<br /><br />Bad:<br />- the initial smell: smelled for a week or so...
I've been using these since I was a kid.
A shower just isn't the same if I don't have one...I don't feel as clean.
Generally same effects as a loofah but much easier to use and they don't ever get smelly!
I've only had these for a few weeks, but they are AWESOME.<br /><br />Like a couple people mentioned, if you have Keratosis Pilaris this is a godsend.
Just make sure you use the proper soap to avoid clogging the hair follicles once they're opened.
I'm not sure about the rarer forms, but if you have the common form with bumps, this is going to help.
Use a moisturizer after that won't clog the little pores you just clearer up, and over a few weeks you'll see massive improvement.
I'm hoping by summer mine is invisible, but honestly this is the clearest I've ever seen my thighs so I am still ecstatic.<br /><br />And, even if you don't have this wretched disease, using this daily followed by coconut oil afterwards will leave you with the smoothest, softest skin you have had since infancy.
Ladies of all ages can once again have baby soft skin, as creepy as that sounds.
And, like regular washcloths, they can be washed and reused over and over.
They also dry almost instantly (whip it and the water just flies off)<br /><br />There are some sellers that are selling fake versions cheaper, but they HURT.
These are the real deal.
I ended up giving one to my mom and one to my friend because I just want all of womankind to comprehend their utter superiority of other washcloths.
This is like getting a Korean scrub at home, love these and have been using for years
It hurts and irritates my skin.
Love these, if your wanting a deep clean pick you up a pack of these, wife and I both use everyday, I bought these to attempt to cut down on ingrown hairs as I man scape----- it works , I have had much fewer ingrown hairs since switching to this product.
you can really deep clean.
If you having issues with ingrown then try this as it cleans away the dead skin cells that cover the follicle.
Recommended by a friend.
After my first use, I felt like it scratched me in places I didn't even know could itch!
I love this product from this manufacturer!
It's super thick and creates lots of soap action!
Awesome exfoliating experience!
These are the best!!!
The ones I have been buying at the store are not the same quality as these, they have the exfoliating texture that they are supposed to have, I will be purchasing more.
I bought one for my mom, dad, brother, best friend, neighbor.
Feel so good on my body.
This has been a dream for my in grown hair.
Seriously I’ve tried every single body scrub, nothing has helped.
I feel like my body goes through an amazing massage every time I shower.
The product itself is so perfect for getting the upper and lower back cleaned too.
My family loves these washcloths - they leave your skin super smooth.
Great stocking stuffer and great for the skin.
I love the way it makes my skin feel.<br />I've been using this product since it was 1st sold in the U.S.<br />Now I have physical problems & that length permits me to wash parts of my body I otherswise I couldn't reach.
I gave one to a sister who also has back, neck, shoulder problems...she loves hers.
These bad boys will strip off your dull, dry, and flaky skin like nobody's business.
They're too harsh for use on my face, but I'll use them just about anywhere else and my elbows and knees have never been softer.
Not sure if this is a new version, or they are no longer manufactured in Japan, but the clothes that I received are so soft compared to what I used to purchase that I had to return them.<br />I loved the way these clothes used to scrub.
you could tell they remove the dead cells/skin, but this new version only makes a lot of foam and is extremely gentle with your skin.
Not what I am looking for.
If anyone has an alternative, please share :)
I received one as a Christmas gift, and wasn't sure what to think.
The first time, I used it like a washcloth, and thought ok..nice, but nothing special.
The next time, I poofed it into a ball with soap.
It's great for the whole body, and face.
Feels a little rough, but it's fantastic for exfoliating everywhere.
It leaves you feeling invigorated, with soft skin.
I ended up buying extras for myself and gave some as gifts after one week of use!
I've looking for these for quite a while...<br /><br />they're the cat's meow!!!
They really create a lot of foam!
These are the best thing ever.
I have used them for years, way better than what you get at the stores
Best product I have found for reaching your back and exfoliating your whole body.
I love these scrub cloths.
A nice size and easy to use to scrub your back.
They only need a little soap, but rinse clean and are easy to wash in the washer.
They also last a long time.
OMG, these are the best things ever for scrubbing away dead skin, making your skin soft.
Gave one to my daughter, she loved it too!
Works great, great quality and I appreciate the large size because I'm a little larger and also it lets me work up a better lather.
These are the only real japanese beauty cloths I have been able to find.
You don't need to use extra force for this towel to leave your skin smooth and soft.
Be gentle and let the towel do its work.
I read about these cloths on Makeupalley where they are nearly universally praised.
After reading the reviews there, I bought one on eBay about a year ago.
Before using the Salux cloth, I typically used poofs or one of those scrubby washcloths that are sold at Wal-Mart.
Neither can compare to these cloths!<br /><br />The first time I used this cloth, it felt a bit harsh because I wasn't quite used to it.
After the second day, my skin had adjusted and I've since never felt even slightly uncomfortable when using it.
It is tough enjoy to really get read of the dead skin on your body without feeling like you're washing with a piece of sandpaper.
It works beautifully with just about every cleanser or soap you use.
Unlike some cloths, you don't have to use a huge amount of product to get a good lather.
They're also long enough to use when washing your back which eliminates the need for a back brush.
These cloths also last forever and a day.
Excellent exfoliation!
Not to be used on injured skin, neck or face to avoid broken capillaries and damage.
For crazy smooth legs use this to scrub, then shave, then scrub again, then shave once more.
Then I moisturize immediately upon getting out of the bath/shower.
I do that for special occasions (and about once a week for my at-home spa night) and honestly my legs look incredibly healthy, shiny, and look smooth.
the real deal - not fakes
At first the material seemed very rough compared to nylon towels I used before, like sandpaper on your skin.
But after the shower it's clear that it does its job exfoliating—skin is much smoother.
The initial discomfort is worth it but just know what to expect.
On the bright side the towel itself is large and holds lather well.
My son & I fav and can't find where we r living now!
I use these twice a week in the shower and the keratosis pilaris on my arms and legs is down about 90% with no other treatment.
I use them folded up with body wash for most of my body, but they are long enough that you can grab both ends and give your back a good scrub too!
These are my favorite wash cloths!
They leave my skin very soft and helps with my keratosis pilaris.
Just be sure to not scrub hard as these are already abrasive enough on your skin.
My waxing place recommended these and I couldn't be happier.
Leaves your skin silky soft!
I switched to this instead of body scrubs because I didn't like the residue they left behind.
Makes you feel super clean
I have no idea how I ever felt clean before using this product.
Scrubs the body very without leaving scratch marks and exfoliates like nothing else.
Works up a great lather too!
I just recently have heard about exfoliating washcloths, and found these on Amazon.
I have always been a loofah user, because, honestly didn't really think about what other options there could be!
I've been using these the last couple weeks and have become a huge fan.
I have already noticed a difference on the bumps on the back of my arms, they're pretty much gone!
My skin is much smoother, and I feel like I get a closer shave when I exfoliate my legs.
I am an avid user of these and will never go back to the loofah!
I have never in my life wrote any review for any product even if it's an excellent product.
This's my third time purchasing this towel for one of my friends.
I don't like to exaggerate, but this towel is nothing like every lofa I used in my life before.
It changed the texture of my skin and now everyone is committing on it.
Considering I have a moderate KP skin condition, this towel has helped a lot though I'm not using it alone, I also use KP cream and I'm constant with my laser sessions.However, this towel has helped a lot!!!!!!!
These towels are fantastic and have changed our shower lives!
They are amazing for exfoliation and I've never felt cleaner - or softer - after washing.
Awesome to get 3 in a bundle.
Will definitely buy more works so much better than wash cloths or other comparable items.
So happy to find online!
These things are great for mites which you can pick up in public places.
They unfold to get your back but the best ones can be bought in department stores in Japan.
There they are more abrasive and come in stripes.
I also used these towels to scrub on permethrin 10% shampoo after showering.
Soaking clothes under water overnight also works wonders.Spread the word.
Really rough on the skin, the ladies would have a problem with this because they usually have softer skin.
Works great to scratch and clean my back!
I have showered with this product for years!
use it like you use a towel to dry your back ... but this to wash and exfoliate your back....perfect length to do this....
It is just the right texture to scrub but not abrasive!!!
I keep one in my overnight bag for travel !
Great product and prompt delivery.
Great for exfoliating in the shower
Just like your Korean mom gives you at home, these Salux shower towels scrub you clean!
My wife bought these for exfoliating skin.
She reports that they work well for that purpose and help reduce ingrown hairs / blemishes.<br /><br />She gave me the blue one one day after I came in the house from working on one of the cars.
I was filthy with oil, grease and thick nasty sludge from a long time leaking engine.
Normally it would take multiple washes and some harsh soap to get this stuff off.
But with the intense scrubbing action of this washcloth I was able to get clean with the less harsh soap and less number of washings.
I scrubbed pretty hard to get the stuff off.
Its a fairly rough scrub cloth so you don't want to be scrubbing away on more sensitive areas.
Some of the grease stuck in to the cloth, but with more soap and scrubbing the cloth against its self the sludge came right out.<br />We are both satisfied with these scrub cloths.
Super fast shipping!
My favorite scrub that I've tried so far!
If you like soft scrubs, you are probably better off with a different brand.
These babies are just scratchy enough to get all the yuck off!
They last awhile too!
I'm so happy with these towels!
They exfoliate so nicely and create a lather rather easily when soap is applied.
They're long so I can shimmy my back in the shower haha!
Very pleased with the product.
I have used this product for at least 15 years Excellent product, wears easy.
Removes dry skin and leaves body smooth.
I love theses cloths.
A friend of mine recommended them to me because she was waxing and using an epilator to remove hair and was having issues with ingrown hairs.
She uses this to remedy that and it definitely works!!
Makes me baby smooth!
This cloth was just too rough for my skin, just not for me and even after washing the cloth it still kinda looks dirty maybe a different version of this will be better for me.
Great for exfoliating and cleaning up dead skin off of your body.
This is the best exfoliator!
Perfect for hard to reach areas of the back and it is strong enough not to rip while getting the job done.
Lathers perfectly, with a little soap truly going a long way.
My skin usually gets scratched with exfoliating brushes despite how gentle I am.
This one is not too rough, but just right as I make sure that I am not being too heavy handed.
Also easy to rinse, dry, and very sanitary.
I will definitely be back to purchase more for myself and as a gift.
Also, PERFECT for traveling!
They were just what I was looking for.
I looooove the Salux cloth.
It is made with a quality grade of material.
Other cloths were either too thin or harsh.
Salux is actually therapeutic when I use it.
I received the cloth in a timely fashion, which was the icing on the cake.
This is the best brand of shower loofah towels.
Don’t get anything else!
Scrubs all your dead skin cells away and they last forever.
Might feel a little rough at first but it softens up after some time.
I get pretty dirty working on diesel engines, and these work so much better than a cotton washcloth for getting the grease off.
What used to require Dawn dish detergent and vigorous scrubbing now requires a simple bar of soap and a couple light rubs with the Salux.
Just don't get them on of your more &#34;sensitive areas,&#34; because it's not a nice feeling!
It works beautifully well, they are not kidding about the blood circulation thing, you feel 10 times better after using this cloth , what other loofahs get in 30 mins this one can get it in 10 mins , it really does exfoliate leaves no dirt behind.
Not to mention the feel and glow of the skin after the shower.<br />THIS is absolutely a great product
I'm so glad I stumbled across these.
Growing tired of how easily loofahs fall apart I scoured Amazon for something sturdier and found it.
It even feels like it exfoliates better, however I don't think I'd use it more than once every few days.
Really appreciate the lightness and great size of this item, never been easier to soap and scrub those hard to reach areas.
Never again will I use those items on a stick!
Had tried different ones from target and Walmart but the quality on this ones is great, they hold up for quite a while for a low price.
I have not used the products I ordered yet, I have been using a similar product I purchased in Japan, I purchased this product as back up so I would not have to wait when my present bath towel is no longer serviceable to me.
Nice big size and my skin feels super soft!
Very nice and great for exfoliation of dry skin.
Priced reasonably, shipped quickly and will last a long time Thanks
Friend introduced me to this product.
Bought the 3 pack to share with others.
They can feel a little rough but I use them for my back and heels.
I like the way it makes me feel when I take shower.
I feel clean I don't like using regular wash clothes.
These cloths are so amazing.
They are imitated but cannot be duplicated.
A $3 drugstore version isn't as stiff and leaves you feeling soft and bathed, but a Salux Cloth really exfoliates and leaves the skin smooth and clean.
These are also perfect during pregnancy.
The cloth feels amazing on a tired body and the extra-long length is great for less effort when washing backs and feet.
These are great for maintaining soft skin year-round.
Salux is the only bath aid I plan to use as long as it's available!
Helps with my keratosis pillaris.
If you have the urge to slough off dead skin in your usual cleaning routine, this product is the best 'scrubby' device I've had.
Over the years I've tried the mits, and scrunchies and random loofahs, but nothing works quite as well as this product.
This will be a product that I plan on giving as a gift from now on.
These make me feel baby soft and clean.
Great exfoliator for whole body.
The roughness last longer than expected.
I've always hated those puffy, plastic loofas that always seem a little damp and fall apart after a couple uses.
But they seemed like what everyone uses and never knew of any alternative.
So glad I randomly stumbled across an article by a japanese-american who had the opposite experience and didn't realize no one in America has heard of these salux cloths.
These are amazing and are everything I've wanted in a shower scrubber.
They're cheap, durable, dry quickly, foam nicely, and allow me to thoroughly scrub my back.<br /><br />I'm probably going to be using these for the rest of my life.
I gave one to my mom to try and she said she loves it too.
Would highly recommend giving them a shot.
So glad I discovered them!
I literally use this everyday with some charcoal soap and my skin is so smooth and healthier looking.
These were the genuine Salux ones.
Have used them for years and will never go to any other cloth.
Extremely soft for an exfoliating cloth and with proper body wash, it really helps against bacne.
Not good for full body exfoliation; better for face and spot exfoliation.
I have read many reviews about the Chinese fakes.
These seem to be the real deal from Japan.<br /><br />I have used them for years and are a great scrubber without removing your skin.
I've used salux nylon wash scrubbing towels before and these do not feel the same.
This leads me to believe these are fake.
This is a very nice product but I have found another brand that I Iike better simply because the other brand is longer.
Wish they'd make this longer because there is a very nice selection of colors.
Good length and width.
My order was delivered on time.
I've been using this product for several years now.
Once you start using Salux Nylon Wash Towel you'll never go back to using a rag.
Now my skin is so soft and exgoliates smazing.
But i like to exgoliate harsh.
It us not light and soft be aware.
So if you really want to use not every day but 1-2 per week or before you go out yoy eill have a skin like new.
you can leave your hat on
One of the best wash clothes out there.
Like most reviewers love how it makes my skin glow, the size of the cloth and I have the real Salux, this company sells the real brand not the knock off.
You'll have to try it to understand.
I have always used this product for years and these last washcloths I received are a really poor representation of what I have come to expect.
The manufacturer if is really bad quality and the ends are are frayed and the washcloths are unraveling.
I don’t know if the quality of this product has just gone severely downhill or if these are knock-offs.
These are very high-quality wash towels.
My bf and I use them and we love them.
They are washable so we re-use them and they clean very well.
I would highly recommend these for anyone that wants that extra clean feeling.
Scrubs well, I use it with my regular Dove liquid soap wash and it cleanses well.
I feel extra clean after my showers now, and can scrub my back as well.
I cannot praise these enough, they really are a must have and do a good job.
This product works for KP!
I have KP on my upper arms.
I've only used this product for three days and there are NO bumps on my arms!
I also love that that the Salux cloth lathers very well and that I don't have to use as much soap.
I also love that I no longer have back acne in just 3 days!
Have bought this item several times and am happy with longevity of the product.
Exfoliates the skin without the harshness but some people may think it is too harsh.
The fibers soften after time.
I absolutely love this style of loofah- it is so much better than the traditional style poof ball loofahs.
5 stars- These are great!
These are so much better than regular washcloths.
I feel so much cleaner!
I ordered this hoping it would abrasively clean my back.
It is exceeding my expectations.
Perfect degrees of abrasiveness, flexibility, cleanability, length.
Way better than a traditional American loofah.
Its super long and really rough so it cleans really well.
Gave as a present and kept one for myself.
Have used these washcloths for years.
I love this product and exfoliates my skin to keep it smooth.
My skin is so softttttt
Not very soft, but usable
At first I thought these were too abrasive, much rougher than a loofah, but after a few uses I was hooked.
They leave your skin feeling soft and refreshed and as the package shows make it easy to clean your back and other hard to reach places.
I haven't felt this clean in a long time, and the Japanese build quality inspires confident bathing for a long time.
These also won't fall apart like a regular loofah.
A great exfoliating tool...especially after a pool workout.
I appreciate the length of the scarf.....
This washcloth is not soft.
It feels more coarse than I expected.
If you are familiar with the Korean green exfoliating mitt, this has a similar texture.
This net scrubs very hard but not harsh at all.
The dirt just rolls off and makes me wonder what have I been doing all these years just using a washcloth!
I will always travel with my salux cloth and dove soap, they are staple now.
Shared with my daughters.
Love these - my family and I have been using for over 20 years.
Be sure to order the ones that are 50% polyester/50% cotton if you like the 'luffa' like feel - and they last much longer - and, stay cleaner.
Wonderful for exfoliating.
Super durable and of high quality.
As a man I like the coarseness but my girlfriend finds it to be to much.
Love, love, love this product!!
I have been using this towels for many years and there's no comparison to anything in the market.<br />I'm glad they're still making it.
This is the best product I will always buy!
I can reach my back with this, and it does wonders!
By the end of my shower, I feel so clean!
Also, you only need a bit of soap for this to get really bubbly.
Buy it and you will not regret it!
I have been using this item for over 25 years and it is wonderful.
This is a great product.
These clothes are GREAT, if you can't reach your back it is perfect.
I truly recommend this if you don't have anyone to wash your back for you :)
These cloths do a great job of exfoliating and cleaning your skin.
They are generously sized and when fully unfolded are great for scrubbing your back.
Leaves your skin amazingly smooth.
These are just fine when used for intended purpose, good size etc.
but like them even better when cut into smaller pieces and used for cleaning my quilting cutting boards.
They should be marketed for this purpose.
Great for exfoliation!!!
it's not the softest thing in the world, but that's why you would buy this product.<br />It will keep your skin smooth and soft and even out your skin texture.
I love these cloths!!
My skin feels great after use.
These wash towels are great.
They work so much better than a regular wash cloth.
You can scrub your back easily and they really help to exfoliate your body.
I'm buying another set and giving them to friends as presents.
Its exactly what you need in your battle of life.
Long enough to grab both ends and get those hard to reach places.
Amazing feeling of clean.
These are great for exfoliation.
I love that there are 3 different colors and they are each packaged separately so you could give them as 3 separate gifts if you wanted.
They are good quality and came quicker than expected.
I really like this product.
Best &#34;scrubbie&#34; thing ever!<br />I cut one up so I'd have a couple facial size.<br />I'd order again...for me and for gifts..
It's too large for a washcloth, and has no absorbent qualities to use as a towel.
I'm trying to cut the cloth to size, and that will hopefully work better.
I purchased a product similar to this years ago and my love it.<br />About a year ago my neighborhood drugstore stop carrying that product and I've been lost until now.<br />Great for a weekly face exfoliator!
so fresh and clean now.
Well-made product but takes awhile to get soft enough to use regularly.
At first use every other day and eventually can use all the time.
Although I heard exfoliating every day is not really good for skin.
I have been using these since I was a kid.
My weight has fluctuated so much over the course of my life that I should have severe stretch marks, but I don't because I use these every time I shower.
Follow the directions on the package, wet it, add soap then squeeze and watch the suds appear.
The exfoliation is awesome and it dries quickly.
Convenience for traveling and easy maintenance
These are the best bath wash clothes.
They arrived quickly.
Been using these things since I was a kid.
Best price any where that I looked!
This is one of those products that you will wonder how you ever lived without it.
I've used other body scrubbers, but these are the most durable and abrasive.
Some people might find it too abrasive at first, but once you get used to, it's hard to go back to anything else.
You just feel so much cleaner using this scrubber.
Your skin will feel smoother too!
Love the product, have used these for years!
Able to back scrub easily.
Leaves a person feeling very clean.
A bit rougher than the ones you can get at the store but still works
The best product ever!
I've been using these for years!
Actually, my whole life, these have been a staple in my family way before I ever arrived!
We've used this product for over 20 years.
These hard to find scrubbers are usually only available at Asian markets in the USA.
I've used these for over 30 years and these are very attractively priced.
So i'm really not one to go on about beauty products or the like but my wife saw these on a program and insisted we try it.<br /><br />while i will say that persons with overly sensitive skin should note that it is rough, i can wholeheartedly say that i love this product.
it exfoliates extremely well and because of its length you can really get your back without being a contortionist.
it also dries completely so no worries about stuck in soap or mildew buldup<br /><br />i will be buying more
I've been exclusively using this brand of loofa towel since summer of 2012.
I was given one as a present and it changed my shower experience forever.
I've tried similar loofa towels but this one just takes the cake.
Yes, it's a little more expensive than the others but they last a long time and the others don't even compare in feel.
I always loose them before they wear out, but the longest I've held onto one was a little over a year.
It was still in useable shape when I left it in a hotel.
These are great - work well, last forever!
I have been using these bath cloths for years and love how they used to feel.
They were great for exfoliating and felt like they were really scrubbing my body well.
However, I recently opened the last package I ordered, and the cloths are really soft.
Nothing like the used to be and now I don't feel like they have any benefit.
Maybe I just got a bad batch?
But for all 3 cloths to be soft doesn't seem right.
I hope they didn't change the way they make them.
Just the ones I wanted!
Perfect texture (not too rough, not too soft) to feel clean!
They've been pretty cool to use.
No complaints at all
Arrived on time good price for 3 of them.... could be better priced tho looks Chinese, found at my local dollar for 2 dollars each after I bought them
These wash towels are amazing.
Just the right texture, super long lasting, and cheap!
They dry very quickly as well which I love, since we don't get as much air flow into our bathroom as I wish we did.
I used to buy the exfoliating towels from The Body Shop and honestly for three times the price they don't even come close to the quality and longevity of one of these Salux towels.
I even got my husband on board with using them!
This is not the real japanese wash scrub.
The real Japanese scrub has a smooth and rough material that actually last long.
This one has that rough material initially until it fades to a soft material.
I dont like that softness.
It's for babies for reals.
Not as soft as the Nexcare towel.
much more abrasive but not painful.
does a great job cleaning, long enough so I can scrub my back no problems.
also use a lot less soap but still get a full lather.
so much better than a cotton wash cloth.
I am ridiculously soft, but only if I use them!
Pro tip: be sure you're moisturizing afterwords.
Otherwise, this kind of exfoliation had actually dry you out further.
Exfoliating without being too harsh.
Each pad lasts forever and I throw them in the washer if I feel like they've soaked up too much product.
I use one on my face and one on my arms for KP.
Threw away all my other exfoliating agents (no more microbeads or scrubs) and use this with my normal face wash. Much less irritating while still smoothing.
Loved it that I ordered 3 more.
I am mad that I only found these a few months ago.
I bought a loofah cloth at.... wal-mart (hangs head in shame), and then was out of town.
I didn't feel clean for 2 months using that thing while I was away.
I somehow found this company a couple months back and read some reviews and decided to try the out.
I bought two -- one for my locker at the gym and one for when I leave town.
I have to say that these are the best exfoliating cloths I have ever used.
I'm back today because either I lost the one I use at the gym or I accidentally left it out and someone stole it or something happened to it b/c it's gone so I'm here to replace it.
I use the regular -- it's rough enough to make you squeak, but not too rough.
I want to try the extra rough one, but I'm a bit scared, lol.
I even got a personalized little thank you card with my name on it when ordering directly through Salux!
I'm a fully grown man (LOL) and I don't write many reviews, but this product is so amazing!
I have sensitive skin and have used just about every kind of bath product out there and this Salux cloth knocks all of them out of the box.
I've also tried some similar nylon washcloths that are thinner, lighter, and less coarse which are decent, but did not really compare to this Salux cloth.
The Salux really invigorates your skin, gives your circulation a boost, and leaves you with silky smooth clean skin all over your body.
I like the heavier weight and coarse design which easily wraps around your back and is better than any back scrubber I've ever used.
It's seriously like having a massage in the shower and it just feels great.
When I travel and use other wash clothes, I just don't feel totally clean until I get back home and can use the Salux cloth again.
It leaves you feeling totally clean, smooth, and invigorated for hours after using it.
A friend introduced these cloths to me two years ago and I've been using them ever since.
They are an excellent exfoliant and leave my skin feeling refreshed and smooth.
I especially like that it removes the debris under my arm pits caused by my deodorant and also saves on bath gel costs because you don't need to use a lot to work up a good lather.
I don't travel anywhere without my cloth...absolutely love it!
Exfoliated smooth skin.
Also helps save soap.
Got one for me and my parents, we all love this product and this is my new go to wash cloth for the shower.
So happy to have found this
Best scrubber hands down.
Have been using this for years.
Just be sure to have a good lotion after wash. You do have to break it in for the first few days then it softens up.
Exactly what was expected.
I heard about this online and decided to try it out and I love it.
It is a great way to exfoliate and it doesn't need as much soap as my old puff.<br /><br />The best thing about this product though is the ability to scrub my back.
First saw this product on the Doctors TV show.
I figured I would try.
I was amazed how on even after the 1st time I used them I could feel a difference on my skin.
I'm bought the Salux cloth to help with bacne, and so far so good.
I can tell this really exfoliates because my skin is so smooth after using it (for acne both on my back and chest plus general cleaning everywhere else).
I've only been using the cloth every other day for about 2 weeks, so I'm not sure about the long term results but so far so good.
I wouldn't say my acne is completely cleared up, but it has decreased within the 2 weeks I've been using it.
I believe most acne problems can be controlled by exfoliating (loosens up the sebum in clogged pores) and moisturizing (healthy moisture barrier reduces inflammation).
In conjunction with the salux cloth, I also use Hibiclens medical wash to further help with bacne.
So far this regiment has been working to clear up my skin.
Rougher texture than I expected but it will definitely exfoliate your skin.
I am not ordering today but have been looking for these for years as I have only been able to find them in Hawaii and my last one is on its last legs as I have had it for 15 years so I can't wait for these to come to me.
They exfoliate really well.
They are great to use before shaving (and the day after too), so you don't get razor bumps.
Not fan, they at scrubbing your skin but don't hold much soap, ended up throwing them away...
there is a definite difference between this and the Salux I've bought in the past.
Not nearly as exfoliating.
The brand new one feels like an old one thats been thrown in the washing machine a dozen times.
In fact, my older one that is a couple months old felt tougher than the brand new one.
I thought it might be a fake but the tags say salux.
They dont hold the lather as suggested in other reviews.
I grew up using this product and won't use anything else!
I use this product for showers and baths.
It is the greatest product around.
I also take it with me on trips because a normal washrag does not do the trick for making me feel that I am clean.
Great product at a great price.
Great product and delivered promptly.
The best scrubber ever my ex introduced me to them and when we split she kept ours so I was searching all over the place on where to get it and I had finally found it it's really great that it comes in a pack if three, that way you can share it with the family
I love my Salux bath cloths, so does my husband.
We use these instead of regular washcloths and have for years.
No other loofah, pouf, or fancy sugar scrub compares to what the Salux can do for my skin.
Very easy to use, especially for cleaning the back.
I like the therapeutic feel you get while using it as bathing cloth.
Been using these for years and absolutely love them!
Really help to exfoliate the skin and makes it easy to wash/scrub your own back.
These washcloths are extremely textured, so much so that I am unable to use them on my skin.<br />Another consumer might find this beneficial, however.
Best thing I ever used for my back!
Great cloths, nice length which makes for great maneuverability.
They make my skin feel silky soft!
I would recommend it to everybody.
Leaves skin feeling softer and softer after every use.
These are my favorite wash cloths.
They have changed over the time; 15 yrs ago they were harsher on the skin, really rubbing the dead skin off and then some (the way I like).
It seems there are more soft fibers weaved in which makes them more popular with average users and not as study in construction, but still very effective at exfoliating.
These cloths are very rough and that is what I was looking for.
Definitely not something you want to use on your face but great for the rest of your body.
Really gets the dead skin off and leaves your body tingling and feeling good.
This is a game-changing scrub-a-dub.
Get the 3-pack and share with family, friends, etc.
Pretty much great for everyone...and now you can reach your back without a loofa on a stick!
Closest thing to a Korean body scrub at home!
Love the smooth results
Exactly as described!
#100 is exfoliating enough!
Been using Salux Wash Cloths for years!
Have given them as gifts to family and friends.
Leaves my skin feeling silky smooth helping prevent acne breakouts.
Highly recommend using it with dessert essence face and body wash [[ASIN:B001CMV8FG Desert Essence Thoroughly Clean Face Wash Refill, 32-Ounce]] and a foaming dispenser [[ASIN:B016YKZPAE 4 White Foaming Pump Refillable 16 Oz Bottle Liquid Soap Bathroom Kitchen Empty]].
I have been using this sponge for years and I couldn’t use any other sponge because this cleans my skin very good and makes it soft.
I’ve tried other ones but nothing compared to this.
I buy it for everyone in my family and they love it too!
Wow i haven't had a cleaner feeling in a while!
This stuff really scrubs hard!
gets all the grime off!
Before i was using a back scrubber from walmart which i'd always have to replace but this stuff is great.
Its like i am Jesus from The Big Lebowski Just cleaning my BOWLING BAWL!
Sort of like a combination washcloth and loofah.
My skin has never looked as good, and the long length makes it ideal for pulling across your shoulders and back.
Rinses easily and dries quickly...a winner!
I am still undecided about how I feel when it comes to this Beauty Wash Cloth/Towel.
I use the set I purchased as wash cloths (3 cloths came with my one order).
I wish they came thicker.
I wish they were actually the size of a wash cloth and additionally, I wish they didn't over-time develop so many loose stings that come from the cloth breaking down after so many uses and washes.
I missed using this type product.
Brought back memories of my mom torturing my back with one of these things.
My skin feels amazingly soft and smooth.
It even looks more evenly toned.
This is definitely the best exfoliating bath towel after.
Even better and more well-made than that of Body Shop's which I used to splurge over years back.
It's very long so reaching all areas is fairly easy.
It's really exfoliating and rough, the good kind of rough, and I really feel very clean every after bath whenever I use this.
Not what I expected too long
I love the feeling of scrubbing my skin off after a long day of dealing with customers at my 11-7 retail job.
I do not recommend this product.
It felt like washing my body with sandpaper.
The item was returned.
These are way better than the little balls everyone else uses.
I can really feel the dirt and grime being scrubbed off when I use these, and as long as you're gentle, it does not irritate your skin.
It's pretty easy to clean and with how large the wash towels are, you can scrub your back very easily.
Shower, it's is great.
Been using these for years!
They are big and they exfoliate perfectly.
They hold a lather and dry fast.
I've been using these Japanese Beauty Skin Bath Wash for 2 years; love them.
Will definitely buy again.
Seller sent what I ordered in a timely manner.
I love these wash cloths, I have been using them for years.
They make great gifts too,
I've used this since I could remember.
My parents knew what they were doing.
These have more scrubbing power than a traditional loofah.
They may be a bit abrasive if you're not used to it.
They're a lot more sanitary because they open up all the way and wash off completely.
They also dry faster so you can easily travel with them.
I've converted all my friends!
I'll never buy a normal American washcloth again.
I always thought I had soft, smooth skin, but now my skin feels like butter.
Stop what you're doing and buy this 3 pack immediately.
Keep one for yourself and give the other two to your favorite friend or family member.
It is the season of giving!
Love the little get fabric that rinses clean and is wonderfully exfoliating.
They work great love them.
It looks exactly like the picture and as described until you open one of the cloths and it's like bigger than expected.
You can cut it in half if you want, it'll last for a while.
I am very pleased with the washcloths.
I was replacing an old one for myself and gave one as a gift.
The product was exactly as advertised and was delivered one day earlier than expected.
I will purchase from this seller again.
I love this product.
My first one is still perfect and it's 12 years old.
This made my skin so much more clear and brighter looking.
Need some getting used to at first as they are a bit rough on your skin (which is kind of point!)
but these are great and I now used them everyday.
It definitely makes a difference, my skin is smoother since I started using them.
I m buying more for my sister and friends!
Been Using for years keeps my skin very soft.
Excellent item, myself and family utilizes these Japanese wash cloths for many years.
We love these items, which is much better than a regular wash cloth.
Would purchase again in the future.
I've used these since I was little I won't use nothing else They make you feel clean
These are my favorite bath loofahs because you can fold them and use them.
I’ve never trusted any other product to use to scrub my skin.
I have very sensitive skin and often get eczema but this is a very gentle massage like cloth to use to wash your body.
It feels like it’s really cleaning your body thoroughly.
I’ve forgotten em when I travel and it’s the worst because after using them using a wash cloth feels like you’re not getting fully cleaned.
This is an unbelievably awesome item.
Its a bit of heaven with you in the shower.
It has an abrasive feel, which is great and your skin comes alive during the washing process.
The fact that just one application of your body wash lasts the entire shower is reason enough to buy this amazing product.
The cloth is long and you can hold the ends and shimmy it down the back of your body.
No more need of a shower brush.
I do, however, use a wash cloth on more sensitive areas.
This is, without a doubt, the very best product for your shower.
I don't leave home without one.
I plan on buying one for everyone I know as a stocking stuffer for Christmas.
It is very rough, but I guess it suppose to be.
It dries very quickly.
It’s very good for washing the back.
Very nice to have 3 to share with a family member or keep for a backup.
Its very rough at first if you've never used one before.
You do get used to it and it does soften a little overtime.
I like the size and enjoy using it to exfoliate the back and hard to reach areas.
Keep away from sensitive areas like your face and neck!<br /><br />I have noticed a positive change in my skin and am really happy with the results, i will not be going back to a loofa anytime soon!
I ran out and I want more.
I love taking my showers using this exfoliation cloth.
You get a real good scrub and a really good lather with this cloth in plus I can actually scrub my back because it has a nice good stretch to it.
I have been using these for years and my skin is clear of blemishes especially on my back.
Is just what I was looking for in every store.
Got this as a healthier alternative to a pouf.
My initial reaction was not good.
It feels like sandpaper but I decided to stick it out for a while to give it a fair trial.
After a few weeks I decided the benefits outweigh the negatives.
It lathers up very easily.
(just don’t put it under the running water) And While I still think it’s rough, the size is great for washing my back and gives it a good scratch too.
I’m assuming the rough texture helps with exfoliating the skin and it does wake you up in the morning!
It dries very quickly and I machine wash it in a mesh bag, hang dry, to keep it clean.
Really scrubs your skin clean.
Look for the Salux brand.
Other knockoff products I have used are too soft.
By far the best exfoliating tool to have in my shower.
My showers take half the time, and I actually feel cleaner after using a Salux cloth.
Try it, it's awesome.
They last about 6 months, maybe longer, just keep them clean and dry when not in use.
I love that it holds its form after using it.
and it definitely works.
Buy this now‼️<br />Trust me, you need it.<br />Your skin will thank you ❕❕❕
This product has changed its not as hard as it used to be and doesn’t get the dry dead skin off like it used to, so know I need to try the extra hard ones.
Would return them but it’s open know.
After 1st use its limp and it’s completely dry.
My Mom admired mine and I got her some as gifts.
She says she will never buy a pouf again!
exfoliates very nicely...
Inconsistent with the texture of the Yellow which is flimsy.
I have used the puffery wash balls, things that look like corn husk, brush scrubbers, sponges and none compare to these Nylon wash scrubbers.
The leave the skin feeling smooth and i can wash my back.
they don't fall apart like the puffery wash balls .
They hold the soap lather very well.
When done I rinse it and hang it off the shower knob.
One of my best purchases made.
Does what it says it will do.
Gives you that deep down scrub leaving your skin feeling rejuvenated and fresh.<br /><br />Finally found a product that reaches and scrubs the back
Excellent!<br /><br />I love these!
These big washcloths are great if you need a deep clean on your back.
They are really good during the winter when your skins drys out and you need to get rid of the flaky skin.
Best wash towel I ever used!
I stumbled upon it by accident, I was looking for another product and read a review about this.
Try it ,you'll LOVE it...
I love this product!
I get out the shower feeling squeaky clean.
This is exfoliating on another level.
I suggest you buy two.
The best clean you can get
I tend to lose these things a lot so I don't pay a lot for them.
These are nice and rough enough to do a good job exfoliating.
They're a good size so you can scrub your back with them too.
I'm very happy with them.
I got hooked on these while living in Japan.
They exfoliate well, plus they last a long time, don't waste your money on the store brands they're too soft and fall a part; crap compared to these
Too Rough for my skin.
I found and love the<br />"Buddha Bath Body Premium Exfoliating Asian Shower Washcloth Towel -Exfoliating"<br />Works beautifully, and the material doesn't wrinkle and stretch, so it is lasting through many washing machine cycles.
I've been using this wash cloth for years.
I've always had to ask someone to send it to me from home.
thank you Amazon for carrying this product.
My skin is so soft, best part, I have several of the guys that I work with wanting to use it too.
Once you start using this wash cloth, you won't be able to use anything else, nothing will make you feel clean enough.
Love this wash cloth!
Does not exfoliate as well as the Korean ones.
I’ve been using these for years now & I love them!
I made my husband try them & he absolutely loved them!
Great for exfoliating your skin!
I have been using this brand of wash cloths for many years.
they are great for exfoliation - I do not feel clean unless I use this wash cloth.
My family has become addicted to these also.
As a man who never much cared for &#34;bath products&#34; I was not excited when I got this as a gift from my daughter.
Well I tried it because she said I would love it, wow she was right.
I give 2 star because the yellow one come with a strong horrible smell that even I washed it still smell bad.
The others two is okay.
Quality is base on the cost of the product so it's okay.
I bought these and cut them in to 4 now I have 12 regular size bath towel and they are the right amount of abrasiveness that i like .
Does make it difference on your skin.
It feels smoother and noticeable cleaner after you use it.
Would buy it again if it wasn't so expensive.
These are the greatest washcloths EVER.
Just the right amount of &#34;scratch&#34; - they exfoliate well, and feel GREAT on my back
These are total workhorses.
As a big person, I can easily scrub my entire back.
They lather beautifully and dry quickly.
I will buy these forever.
This is the best bath scrub/wash cloth ever!
I have been using these for the last decade and was so glad to find them again.
I’ve even given them as gifts
I JUST ORDERED ANOTHER SET, I GAVE 1 TO EACH OF MY SONS AND HAVE 1 FOR MYSELF.
BUT I WANT TO MAKE SURE I HAVE MORE JUST IN CASE LOL.
I WILL ORDER ANOTHER NEXT MONTH, I WANT TO HAVE A DOZEN.
I CAN ALSO MAKE A GIFT BASKET AND ADD 1 INTO IT.
I LOVE IT, I FEEL SO CLEAN WHEN I GET OUT OF THE SHOWER, I'VE BEEN USING THIS SINCE I WAS VERY YOUNG.
I AM FROM THE ISLAND OF GUAM AND NOW LIVE IN THE STATE OF MASSACHUSETTS, AND FINDING THIS IN AMAZON.COM WAS AMAZING.
I like the exfoliation this provides but it is very larger.
I really enjoy using these to shower with.
At first I thought they were too rough.
After the second use.
Think I got use to them.
They started to feel really good, especially on My back.
I love that they are long.
Easy to wrap across My entire back.
One will last A long time.
So having Three is great.
I will contiue to use these.
This is by far the best that I have used!!
You won't be disappointed!
It makes my skin feel so soft.
Would recommend this product to everyone!
Just remember if your new at using these go lightly at first until your skin gets used to it .
It can feel a little bit scratchy at first, then it feels soooo good to your skin.
They are the perfect texture for body exfoliation and good value too.
Removes all dead skin off.
I suggest using with a mild soap as this can irritate your skin.
AT the beginning it was rough but after a few uses it was better.
Having always struggled to clean my back, this salux cloth is wonderful.
Does the job very effectively.
Lathers extremely well.
Very quick to dry besides being light for travel purposes.
These clothes are amazing and they last sooooo long...FANTASTIC!!
Love how it makes you feel like you have exfoliated.
I would definitely recommend this to anyone with chicken skin.
I like the abrasive ness and the thickness of the product, it cleans thoroughly which is what I want.
Also the size of the product is big enough for me to reach all parts of my back.
Been using these for years.
My skin feels great.
Last much longer and better value than the sponge poofs I used to use.
A bit abrasive at first but you adapt quickly.
Makes my skin feel so smooth!
It's a little rough so I wouldn't recommend using it everyday but it gets the job done.
I love these wash cloths, they exfoliate well and are easy to clean when done washing.
They also clean your back good
These long bath washcloths do a nice job of exfoliating the skin, and the length makes it easy to wash the back.
I also like the fact that just one squeeze of body wash suds up enough to wash the entire body.
These cloths will literally pay for themselves with the savings on body wash alone!
Me and my husband loves these.
No other scrubber can compare to these.
After you tried these, you will never go back to a regular scrubber.
They are great feels really good w your bathing I highly recommend
I love Japanese wash cloths.
They make your skin smooth and silky and they last forever.
They dry quickly and I use them for gifts as well.
By using everyday my skin is so soft because it removes the dead skin and leaves you feeling silky smooth!
I love these bath cloths for my skin.
Another great use is for travel.
The dry in five minutes and are ready to pack and move on!
Really nice wash cloth , works great !
These are genuine Japanese products (mine said product of Japan on them) and brought back memories of growing up when my mother would buy these from the Korean store.
Been in college for a while now and haven't been able to buy a new one since my old one wore so I'm very happy to have found these online!
Leaves your skin so soft.
It isn't so rough as to damage the skin.
It just safely sloughs enough.
I grew up using these.
I’ve never been able to find anything else that works just as good.
I love these things and refuse to use any other scrubby
Rough like desired even when wet, 11 by 36,&#34; shorter than some others previously purchased (?brand),, hemmed on short ends, pink, blue & yellow all look & feel the same degree of roughness, 60/40 nylon/polyester, made in Japan
Large wash cloth - which allows scrubbing of the back.
Foams up soap really well and cleans easily after use.
Way too big and cumbersome.
I got these for me and my boyfriend, I love using in the shower.
I have really dry skin and these have helped with removing flakes and leaving my skin very smooth.
Have been using them since I got them.<br /><br />Please do not use them on your face, you will end up with rash and breakouts, that’s what happened to my boyfriend it took two weeks to cleared out so don’t do it, they’re not meant for your face, perfect for skin though.
Definitely recommend these.
These are the best Exfoliating Washcloth that I’ve ever used.
Always leaving my tough skin feeling soft.
This doesn’t really remove dead skin, it just polishes it.
I used mine in the bath and couldn’t get it to exfoliate my dead skin off.
When I got out, the towel I was drying off with removed more dead skin than the towel with the purpose of removing dead skin.
Absolutely love this product.
I never feel clean if I don't use this and I will continue to repurchase.
Retains the rough texture to scrub your skin while bathing.
Love these clothes, they reallyget your back and exfoliate well.
My wife and I were looking for something to replace the cheap plastic shower balls we've been using for years.
These clothes are high quality and reusable so we no longer need to feel terrible about throwing money away and causing more unnecessary waste.
They might feel a little rough on sensitive skin, but if you gently scrub you begin to get used to it.
Love that it reaches my entire back.
If you really want a deep exfoliation, use these!
They're definitely a little rough but leave my skin feeling baby soft.
I love this product but I'm really bummed out that I was shorted one, since I paid for the 3 pack.
Exactly as promised.
I love this product.
I am a patient of ichthyosis Vulgaris .
This product helps to slough off the dead skin cells very easily.
best body exfoliator.
I will never use anything else.
I have purchased the "knock off" version of this at a cheaper price, but does not meet the quality as the original.
They both had the same exact markings but this one is made in Japan and the "knock off" was made in China.
You get what you buy.
I stumbled across the reviews for these and was intrigued by how many people loved them.
I figured they were inexpensive, so I didn't have much to lose.
My skin from head-to-toe is pretty much a mess.
Cystic acne on my face cheeks and occasionally jawline.
Ingrown hairs on my legs.
I decided to try these with Dr. Woods Black Soap as my body wash.
I'm dead serious when I say the improvements to my skin were almost instaneous.
Within a week my bacne (back acne) was gone, kaput, never to return.
I want you to read that sentence over and over, so you can really understand the impact this has made in my life, You see, I can't recall a time in my life since puberty where my back didn't feel completely bumpy, from shoulders to rump.
Now I rub my own shoulders and back several times a day because I still can't believe how soft my skin is.
I legit won't use a wash cloth ever again after using this... the best skin exfoliating wash cloth.
It leaves your skin feeling so smooth.
These mesh towels have replace my loofah I love, love, love these towels.
Using these towels have let me know my loofah was not doing the job at all.
I have noticed big difference in my skin since I started using the towels.
wish I can give it a 6-star, leaving this comment is the only thing I can do to praise this thing
I have used these for years.
They last and rinse clean and leave you skin smooth and really feel clean after a hard days work.
Several of the reviews below are correct about the softer quality of the cloths compared to an older version of the cloth.
The cloths are noticeably different: too soft in texture so they don't scrub as well be imo.
Such a shame because this was my favorite brand of bath cloths.
Will be returning asap.
Perfect product for body scrub.
Great value for the money.
I had one for years and I thought I bought it at Walmart but not there anymore.
The one I had (should I say) lasted YEARS.
Found them on Amazon and are well worth it.
The have a little scratch to them and dry quickly.
Got the three pack and my wife likes her's very much too.
Great for doing your back and suds up good.
Too rough to use as face cloth
Nice and scratchy for exfoliating, also dries very quickly.
These are honestly life changing.
Just click the button, but it now and you'll never use anything else.
The shipping was fast and the product is amazing!
My skin is so soft now !
Best wash cloth ever!
I bought them for all my family members and they are very happy with my purchase.
Really great exfoliating.
Been using for several years now.
They are very exfoliating, and you can get a lot of suds with them.
They wash easily in the machine.
If you follow the instructions, it really works well.
This item was recommended by my dermatologist.
I bought one from her office after using it I immediately bought 6 more for gifts and to have an extra one for myself.
I will buy this product again.
Recovering from knee replacement and this is fabulous for all those areas you can't reach when you are in pain.
Your back, your undercarriage, and the bottom of your feet.
It is not meant to be super soft, and I love the way my skin feels after using it....exfoliated and smooth.
I highly recommend this product.
I've bought these individually in the past and loved them.
The three pack is great to always and a clean one while the others are in the wash.
I use to use a loofah and these seem way more sanitary.
The texture is a little on the coarse side which is great for removing dead skin.
I highly recommend this product!
I love these body scrubbers!
There are three "towels" in the package, as shown in the picture.
A couple of things to note: (1) It's a long, flat loofah.
To put that into perspective, imagine a long winter scarf, but in loofah-style material.
(2) It's not a towel and has no drying properties.
(3) All three items in the package have the same degree of coarseness (the different colors are not an indication of varying coarseness).<br /><br />The pros: It's extremely easy to use, especially for hard-to-reach areas on the back.
It's more coarse than the loofah poufs that are commonly sold in drugstores, but not so coarse that it's uncomfortable.
You can vary the sensation of coarseness by varying the pressure used when washing.
It holds suds very well while you're using it.<br /><br />The cons: It has an awful chemical smell and no amount of use has made the smell go away (washing it in the washer didn't help, either).
It's impractical to store.
With loofah poufs, you can hang them on a hook or rest them on the edge of the tub or counter.
These are scratchier than I expected.
These are great to use a few times a week, skin feels softer after each use.
They are perfect size, I also like the fact that, it removes dead skin on the body and also feels soft.
I purchased my first bundle of Salux cloths back in September 2016 and I have hardly felt so good about discovering a hidden or abstract product.
The tag line on the packaging and on the official Salux website &#34;A shower isn't a shower without Salux.&#34; sounds like some corny slogan, but it is something most will agree with after using the Salux cloth just for the first time.
I prefer the &#34;Super Hard&#34; version of the Salux cloth for showers, but even the standard version here is great to lather and scrub the entire body.
I now think: How the hell did I shower all these years with just a loofa?
The Salux gets your arms, your upper and lower back, your underarms, your &#34;Swimsuit Area&#34; (Tee Hee :) your legs, everything.<br /><br />I have dealt with oily skin and acne, and the Salux cloth is also a game-changer for addressing those issues as well.
Certain dry bar soaps like the line of Nubian Heritage soaps have always been more beneficial to my skin, and the Salux cloth's ability to lather up so well with a minor amount of soap has not only allowed me to apply these soaps all across my body (I get the occasional back zit) but it also allowed me to shave with those types of soaps.
I have saved money on buying shaving creams and gels because the lather produced by the Salux cloth is so abundant that I coat my whole face in lather, which allows me to shave even easier than before.
Dry soaps also last longer than liquid/gel cleansers, so you will also be saving money in that regard.
Given the type of soap you use, you will even save money on shampoo since you can wash your hair with the abundant lather.<br /><br />Believe the hype, everybody!
Unless you have super super sensitive skin, you will be a life-long patron of the Salux Japanese wash cloth.
Amazing scrub for unreachable back.
I bought one to try and then bought this set for the family.
Both of my kids play baseball and nothing makes you feel as clean after roasting and sweating for 5 games in 85° heat at a dusty ballfield.
They are very scratchy at first and it took about a week before everyone broke them in and got used to them.
We make sure to use an extra creamy body wash to prevent irritation.
They are so big that you can reach EVERYwhere.
At hotels, we just hang them over the shower rod and they dry very quickly and take up little space.
Seriously, so clean.
I've never felt this clean!
Absolutely love, it’s a must have!
I have never exfoliated my skin so well.
I bought some more automatically after receiving my first three.
These towels are amazing.
I used to hate exfoliating because it’s so messy, but with these no mess and my skin is so soft and smooth.
These are an OK exfoliant, but nothing life changing for someone who already exfoliates.
I did not see any miraculous results over any other average exfoliating gloves/ towels.
These would probably be great for someone who wants a gentler exfoliant that can be used everyday.
Personally, I much prefer Italy towels.
Although this cloth is not soft (it’s not intended to be) it does the job of getting rid of flaky skin.
The product arrived before excepted.
Glad to find a product that I was introduced by my mom years ago and be able to use it today!
Product was as described very happy with this purchase.
These work fantastic!
Love this washcloth.
It left my skin feeling incredibly clean and refreshed!<br /><br />The rough texture may be a little intimidating at first, but after you grow used to it, nothing else will do in terms of making you feel squeeky clean after a nice, hot shower.<br /><br />Do yourself a favor and buy one.
You won't regret it.<br /><br />The only risk is getting a fake one.
There are a lot of counterfeits on the market, unfortunately.
I purchased from the seller "ichiban-japan" and received a 100% authentic product, so I feel comfortable recommending them.
Makes my skin so soft and smooth.
Work very well but I doubt they’re the originals.
Keeps my body smooth as silk.
I recommend these to all my friends and family.
I loved mine so much I got the three pack for my man, my mom and my sister.
I absolutely love these cloths.
Once you start using this you won't want to go back to the traditional washcloth.
Also, you get three and a pack so you can give one away and still have an extra.
Long lasting, hygienic, and doesn't excellent job of helping you have very beautiful skin.
Would definitely buy again.
I used to buy these at a local Japanese grocery store and was so happy to find them on Amazon.
These cloths are the perfect combination of soft and exfoliating - and they last FOREVER!
It did as advertised!
Lather was exceptional and my skin was so smooth afterwards.
I wanted to wait some time before reviewing this product so I could have an honest opinion.
I always used wash cloths but I felt like none were rough enough to really get the dirt and dead skin off my body.
But then I researched and found this product and trust me when I tell you it’s amazing!
The first couple uses it WILL be uncomfortable but you just have to tell yourself that it’s exfoliating your body.
Eventually it becomes less harsh with added use.
I fold mine because believe it or not it’s quite large but you can either fold it or cut it.
The only bad thing I can say is that I’ve had it for about 4 months and it’s not as “exfoliating” as it use to feel.
The cloth has softened which is great for people that don’t like that harsh feeling but once I got use to it I enjoyed it and I actually saw a difference in my back acne.
I read somewhere that it’s suggested to throw away these clothes every couple months and get new ones due to what I’m experiencing.
But I’ll homesrly just buy more.
I gave up wearing blouses that reveal my arms and/or back because I was so self conscious of my of acne scars, Years later I discovered this GEM!
Now my scars are minimal to none and I wear whatever kind of top I want without the least bit of self consciousness.
The more I use it, the better my skin looks.
I found it on Amazon this past spring and I'm so glad I did.
Publix stopped carrying a version like these and I am so happy to have found them on here.
Good size, perfect for exfoliating your whole body and to get that nice clean feeling.
I usually LOVE these exfoliating cloths.
I was strictly a pouf user until I came across these a few years ago, and have made the permanent switch.
Unfortunately with this specific pack, my skin was always crazy itchy after I used them.
This was the only product that changed in my shower routine, and as soon as I stopped using it my skin went back to normal.
I'm thinking maybe something was off in the dye with this specific pack, but I'm hesitant to spend all the money again just to have the same thing happen.
It could be a little softer.
Otherwise, great purchase.
This is one of my favorite shower products!
You just pour a little bit of body wash (or bar soap), lather it up and start scrubbing away (gently!!!!).
It exfoliates as it cleans.
I use it on a daily basis and my skin has never felt so smooth.
A little secret: use it on your legs BEFORE you use your razor and you will be the happiest (and least hairiest) girl on the planet.
That super exfoliation will you an extra close shave.
Seriously........the Japanese have the best beauty products on the market and I'm thrilled that Amazon gives us the opportunity to discover them!!!
This is a great product to exfoliate your body with not to hard not to soft
A friend who works in the beauty industry recommended these to me.
After one use, I tossed out my old loofa!
The texture is definitely not what I expected.
Always used these throughout my life.
Lives soon feeling clean and soft
I cannot ever be without these!
They last very long, lather well, and get all dirt and dead skin off.
If I don't use this for a few days, I notice more rough patches and even clogged pores.
Great for use after the spa ( either sauna or steam room).
Easy to hang up and dry hygienically.
Throw it in the washer when necessary.
Give one to a crusty human who doesn't love himself enough to embrace exfoliation.
I really had low expectations for this product but OMG - GAME CHANGER FOR SKIN CARE!
I can't believe how useless loofas seem now.
At first I thought it was too long, but after a few washes, I realized how rarely I was actually washing my whole back.
The texture of this cloth is pretty rough if you aren't use to exfoliants, but it really does change the terrain of your skin to be much softer.
I even dared to use it on my face.
I couldn't believe how soft it felt.
It made me realize how much dead skin I've been uselessly hanging on to.
I'm a HUGE fan and am so grateful it's sold as a 3 pack.
I have been using these wash towels for years and they are excellent for keeping you squeaky clean, it will assist in removing excess oil and grime from your skin without being overly harsh.
It is an excellent product for teens with oily skin and acne to help remove excess oils and open pores and is long enough to scrub your back.
It is great for use after hard work to remove grease, dirt, paint, and grime from hard working hands.
I thought other reviewers were exaggerating, but no, this washcloth is heaven sent.
Now I just need a tiny bit of body wash, and still feel much cleaner.
Easily exfoliates your body.
I don't know why I haven't bought this earlier!
I first order some of these last year in August and they were more exfoliating and thicker.
The ones I ordered this year were too soft and not exfoliating enough.
The quality now sucks.
Which is a shame because I really loved these.
Great product been using these for as long as I can remember.
One of the greatest inventions of all time.
These are the BEST wash clothes ever.
I never use anything else!
Great for exfoliating my skin and easy to clean your back!
Each one lasts a couple months!
You can also wash them in the machine.
We have used Salux for the last 13 years, and will not use anything else.
Great quality, lasts a long time, lathers soap really easily and scrubs well!
I wish I had learned about these long ago.<br />Like a pumice stone for your body.
Skin is shiny and healthier than ever before.<br />Washing your back is like a full on back scratch.
Its amazing.<br />You need these in your life.
(about to order some for my sisters family)
Much to harsh on the skin
Exactly what I expected, dimensions accurate; textured but not harsh; exfoliates skin while richly lathering up any soap applied.
Love this; large enough to exfoliate entire back without too much effort
I like it but it doesnt lather enough so i feel like im using a lot of it.
One of the best scrubs I've purchased.
I love the material.
Add some body wash soap and leaves my body clean and soft.
Will be ordering more.
I love them so much.
This is a great product.
It makes so many suds and it also exfoliates your skin, You can reach all of your back, and it rinses clean immediately.
It's the best ever I love this :)
Really helpful for getting all of your back.
I have been looking for these everywhere.
My husband absolutely loves these.
We used to get them all the time in California at the $.98 store.
It’s a shame I’m having to pay $14 or even $11 for three.
But to make my husband happy I ordered a set of three.
It’s the only type a washcloth that he will use.
I have used this prooduct for near as long as I can remember!!
I became so complacent with the details of packaging and other details because I just always KNEW where to buy it.
After several years of having to try other similar products..
I am so very thankful that my husband tracked them down for me, because I had forgotten just how amazing my skin feels after each use.
Smooth, soft and I feel super fresh and clean.
Great cleaning product.
I am very pleased with the purchase.
Works great, so glad I ordered these.
Literally the best exfoliater ever!
These are good cloths for smoothing skin texture.
These things are incredible!!
My skin has never felt so smooth before!
Just wet the salux, pour your soap on it and prepare yourself for a skin tingling shower!
I've had mine for 3 days and am obsessed!
I gave one away to a friend and she said best thing she has recieved in a while.
Works great on hard to reach spots like the middle of your back.
They do last for quite a long time.
Only changed it out because I realized how long I had been using it.
I'm really pleased with this purchase.
I usually buy exfoliating cloths from The Body Shop, but these are better quality.
They are thicker and they work better.
I will definitely purchase these again.
Best thing to wash your body
I have been using these washcloths for since I was a child and love how it exfoliates the skin.
It creates great lather and the length is perfect for scrubbing your back.
I like the stiffer/rougher texture of this cloth, but may be too much for those with very sensitive skin.
Its very hygienic - nylon air dries quickly and can be thrown in the washing machine.
So far I like the product.
It exfoliates we’ll.
I’ve been using two days now and already notice a difference in the feel of my skin.
Netter than any Loofah!
you can buy in the store and honestly to me it feels like it suds up better too!
I highly recommend this product!
These are the best wash cloths that I have ever used!
They smooth my rough elbows and knees.
They remove dead skin and make my skin as soft as butter.
I don't think I'll ever return to cotton washcloths.
They also scrub my skin better than body brushes that I've used in the past.
This is just a wonderful product that I never want to be without.
I have used this product for over 15 years.
Do not buy a knock off brand.
This brand is the best.
Stays in the shower, odor free.
Never needs washing.
Saves money and is better for your hygiene.
The cloths are made of polyester and are about the size of a hand towel.
They do exfoliate a bit, and in my opinion, are good to use daily.
However, the Baiden mitten is superior to the Salux.
It is much more expensive, but totally worth it.
EXPERIENCE: Have been buying these for >5 years and use this every day.<br /><br />PRICE: Bought for ~$12 for pack of 3.
Price has ranged $10-$14 over the years.<br /><br />PROTIP: Buy one of these at an asian grocery store to know what an authentic one feels like and try it out to see if you like it enough to buy a 3 pack.<br /><br />PROS:<br />- provides actual physical exfoliation, not just pouncing a soft, soapy loofah on your skin<br />- lasts me around 3-4 months before tossing (can last longer but I like changing it out)<br />- can be cleaned in the washing machine and dryer<br />- dries out quickly so is good for travel and prevents mold/mildew smells<br />- large and long enough to scrub your back<br />- easy and quick to rinse out soap after scrubbing in the shower<br /><br />CONS:<br />- nothing about product itself<br />- watch out for fake products by reading seller reviews, try to only buy if >98% positive + >3000 reviews
I love loofahs to exfoliate my body, but I hate how unhygienic they are.
Just think about all the bacteria that can get trapped in them!
So, to exfoliate, I use these instead.
They work great, leave my skin super soft, and the design allows them to fully dry between each use so they don't harbor bacteria.
I use these to exfoliate about once a week, and then moisturize my skin right after.
I purchased the pack of 3 but am still on my first one - they last a while!
This is the best bathing tool ever.
It reaches the right parts, it has the right texture.
I am extremely satisfied.
I will order more to give as presents for my family.
I have the softest skin ever!!!
The best washcloth for my dry, sensitive skin.
Very good, I introduced to my family and neighbors, they like it very much.
These were just what I was looking for.
Nice exfoliation with the cloth.
Very satisfied with purchase.
I can only assume that the people who wrote the one star reviews that say this cloth is like sandpaper have never actually touched sandpaper before.
It's really not that rough.
The best way I can describe this product is that its a pumice stone in cloth form.
It also dries up really fast and packs light if you want to travel with it.
Skin feels clean and exfoliated.
I love this since using this during a shower stimulates skins and I feel greatly energized afterwards.<br /><br />The best thing you can buy for a few dollars.
It's also great to give out to your other family members.
It makes mass quanities of suds and is just the right amount of rough to make you feel really clean!
Bought extras for gifts!
These washcloths are the best - durable, medium-hard abrasive.
I've used this brand for over 5 years.
I've tried other brands but nothing compares.
This washcloth helps with my keratosis pilaris (small bumps on upper arm & thighs) & keeps my skin smooth.
The first time you use this you will be AMAZED at how soft your skin can be.
I use this almost every day.
My skin is smooth and soft!
After a while they get worn out and you replace them.
You can wash them like regular washcloth, and reuse often.
I love this product!
It helps with back scrubbing and is effective in exfoliating my skin.
Your skin will be renewed and SOFT.
No need for body scrubs with this.
Just use a quality body bar/liquid soap.
No more loofas (ugh).
And it rinses clean the first time and never drips.
I have been using this product since I was old enough to take showers, and this is the first time this scrub has fallen apart.
The material is not as tough as it should be.
I know this is not the real product.
The edges would not do this as pictured if it were the true scrub.
I’m not ordering from this company again and will find the quality product I have used for decades.
These are the best things I have ever had the pleasure of cleaning my body with.
Just the perfect size.
Easy to use on my back.
They absorb and lather soap VERY efficiently, you will save money if that is the intent.
The texture is just great, not too rough but still has a bite.
I can comfortably apply more pressure to exfoliate my skin.
Great for getting your skin really clean.
My skin feels polished after I use it.
My skin always looks fresh after bathing and moisturizing.
The cloth never gets musty because it dries quickly.
They also had the best price.
I use it every night, it helps a little body wash go a long way and really gets the days grime off you.
I purchased these based off of a recommendation from a family member.
I have very dry skin and these seem to exfoliate well which is what I need.
I realize that these wash cloths are not going to be everyone’s preference but the serve a specific purpose.
It definitely took some getting used to the texture of these but I would recommend these to anyone who needs some daily skin exfoliation.
Can't shower without these
Just okay, nothing special however exfoliates well
My skin has never felt so clean after using this product I love it so much I wish they were sold everywhere
These cloths are amazing!
I want to tell everyone I know about them.
They lather up very nicely and are a great exfoliator.
My skin has never felt softer.
I love that you can even scrub hard to reach places on your back.
I predict I will be using Salux cloths for the rest of my life.
100x better than a loofah.
Not so sure about getting rid of body acne for now but I'll continue using and see.
Definitely makes your skin softer though, feels a bit harsh but your skin is gonna be like a baby's butt really!<br />I use mine about 3 times a week<br />What I like the most is that it's very easy to rinse the soap on it, and it dries quickly.
I purchased these thinking that they were hard as advertised but it’s completely the opposite.
I regret purchasing this product.
If you are looking for a hard shower cloth, just take my word, this is not it.<br /><br />Please make sure to look around for another option.
Best shower product everyone should have
My skin looks and feels great.
My husband loves them as well.
I love this product.
Lasts me a few months before switching it out and just makes my skin feel so great after showering.
Great to exfoliate, leaves your skin clean and soft.
I was told by my dermatologist to get these cloths to exfoliate.
They work very well.
These is better than any one, try it you will love it
Makes my skin feel fantastic!
I don’t use it on my face or neck.
Everywhere else is fair game.
It doesn’t feel good, it’s a rough fabric.
When you get out of the shower your skin is very smooth.
Don’t forget to lotion.
Great for getting rid of bumps on your legs.
I also have sensitive skin and it does not bother me.
The product comes in three different colors and as far as I know, the colors make no difference.
However, the product itself does work very well at exfoliating your skin and dries extremely fast.
Use it as a wash cloth by putting some body gel and it'll work itself into a thick lather similar to a loofah.
Does a great job on exfoliating your body!
Excellent received on time!
Light weight back exfoliating!
Lathers up really well, and cleans skin wonderfully.
Exfoliates much better than a luffah and is invigorating.
They are big so a bit unweildy for washing your arms, but great for scrubbing your back.
These are great to do a fine exfoliation.
Excellent product, perfectly balances between providing enough roughness to scrub, while still being gentle with the skin.
Will last for a very long time too!
The product is awesome and the delivery was really fast!
THESE ARE GREAT FOR THE OLD AS WELL AS YOUNG
Feels great on my skin.
Wakes me up in the morning.
This product is essential for reaching all body parts, especially when you have limits mobility.
These are actually really awesome.
They hold up a lot longer than I was expecting which has been a plus.
They are surprisingly long which gives you a lot of freedom to scrub all the nooks and crannies on your back, feet, etc.
Anyone that has never tried one of these nylon exfoliating cloths is missing out on the smoothest skin EVER.
I shun to shower without one.
Gets all that nasty dead skin OFF - Wonderful feeling
My skin is so much softer!
Kept 2 and gave one as a gift.
good for washing my back
I have seen this product on makeup alley and wanted to try it for a long time.
I ended up buying it for 2 reasons:<br />1) I have KP bumps on my upper arms<br />2) I had just gotten back from a beach trip and I was peeling really bad.<br /><br />Let me preface this by saying my KP is pretty average.
I am dark complected so it is not very noticeable.
However, I still feel self conscious about it, especially when wearing sleeveless shirts or a swimsuit.
I used this product with Cerave soap and I scrubbed pretty hard.
Imagine a long washcloth woven with super strong loofah fibers, and that is what this product feels like.
I tested a small section of my face (I've heard you are not supposed to but I was curious and wanted to test it out) it is very abrasive and honestly on that area you are better off with a good scrub.
After, I mosturized with a body oil and lotion for my face.
ALL of the dead skin was gone.
That's right, after one use no more peeling, and it left my skin with a gorgeous, healthy glow.
I have used this brand of shower cloth for two decades.
I first discovered them in a Korean store in Oakland, CA.
Needless to say, I was instantly hooked.
My skin has always looked much younger than my actual age and is also very soft.
I even got my husband hooked last year.<br /><br />Too bad though, I bought these from this seller and they are NOT the same quality.
These are too soft and don’t have the same scrub power.
I had my last ones for 1 year.
I just threw them out after I purchased these.
The ones I threw out were better than the brand new ones I bought here.
I am returning them.
I grew up using this and it's still the loofa/scrub type product I like using best.
I am used to the &#34;sandpaper&#34; feeling so it isn't too rough for me but it may take some getting used to for someone else.
You either get used to it or it starts to dull over time as you use it over and over (can't quite tell).
It exfoliates very well and I feel like it is gentle enough for normal daily use.
It is one of those products I will buy time and time again because I don't see a point in buying something different since it works so well!
Great for reaching the middle of my back, where brushes miss.
Also, great for exfoliating all over.
These are so amazing.
The back is hard to reach and get every inch scrubbed but with the Salux nylon scrub it’s a breeze and feels so good.
Throw in the washer just like you would a wash cloth
These washcloths are really amazing.
They do an awesome job of exfoliating your skin.
It can be a little intense the first time you try them but they are so amazing you keep coming back.
This wash cloth was too rough for my old skin.
If you are over 75, go lightly.
Love this to wash my back!
Best wash cloth I have used!
Wash & exfoliate with it, and it dries quickly.
Can’t say enough about these washcloths - they’re the same, if not better quality as the ones they sell at the Korean spas.
And cheaper at that!
After using this on your skin you really feel soft and clean.
It might hurt at first if you’re using it for the first time but once you get used to it you can’t live without it.
Easy to clean and sanitary.
Really exfoliates your skin.
Not harsh at all even though it feels like it would be when you take it out of the bag.
Needs very little to get a good lather.
Soap rinses out of it really well.
A friend gave me a towel similar to these, I was doubtful but after I tried it I really liked it.
So I ordered these towels thinking they were the same but these are so rough I tossed it.
If you have rough heels it might work but not for me.
These cloths do a great job in helping me feel super clean.
Also, I've noticed that I typically use less shower gel now because these cloths offer such a good lather.
I love how long they are, I'm able to reach areas I couldn't before.
I've even washed them and they held up nicely in the machine.
I use them on face and body everyday.
can't live with out them, they clean you so good an it relaxes you so much.
Rougher than the 300
Looked for these everywhere
Not the original Salux.
The quality is not as good as the towels I purchased from a different seller 3 yrs ago.
Works good, last long time
this is better than i expected.
allows you to use very little soap, much less than regular loofah.
i use it with shower gel and it helps to create lots of foam.
the exfoliation effect is fantastic.
easy to wash your back too.
with the first use it leaves the skin quite itchy so use lots of lotion.
did not see the same issue with further uses thou.
the cloth is large but thin, dries really fast.
I have been using the Salux bath cloth for a few years and would not think of using any other exfoliating and cleansing cloth.
good body scubber/exfoliater
the first time i tried these towels it felt a bit rough on my skin, but it definitely exfoliated it!
after one use my skin felt incredibly soft and smooth.
they are great for travel and i am obsessed!
so much better than using your hands or a Loofah
I got this product for exfoliating purposes.
When I received the packages, there was a scent of urine, But I figured it was just my imagination because it was wrapped in plastic.
They were brand new so I didn't think I needed to wash them before using.
I think I wound up buying one package first and after deciding I liked the product, I think I bought two or three more packages.
Kept using them fresh from the package.
The last package I pulled from the Amazon box had been bitten into and has rodent feces in it.
I assume the urine smell was also from rodents.
Rodent urine on an abrasive product meant for skincare=infection.
Was not happy with product.
Took about 7 washes before the urine smell disappeared.
I gave one for each of my kids.
I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE these.<br /><br />This wash cloth has transformed my skin.
Seriously.<br /><br />I'm over 40 and began to get bumps on my back.
My skin seemed like it couldn't recover from months in bed after major surgery.
I saw a dermatologist, who prescribed cream and recommended spray, but nothing really worked.
The skin on my back and shoulders felt "scaley.
"<br /><br />I stumbled across this on Amazon, read the reviews and decided to give it a try.
Within two weeks, all bumps were gone.
My skin is silky smooth.<br /><br />I use the wash cloth 3 or 4 times a week.
I DO NOT push hard on my skin.
My husband used his wash cloth vigorously at first.
Quick drying and leave my skin super smooth.
You'll never feel as clean with anything else after using this.
The first time I only bought one.
When I first used it, I didn't see any of the &#34;dead skin&#34; come off but the second time I did and it was a lot.
Do I &#34;see&#34; it every time no but that doesn't mean its not working.
Plus I like these way better than cotton wash cloth I feel way cleaner with these.
I left mine at a friend's and now she wants one so I bought the three pack.
Never shower without it.
Plus you don't need a lot of body wash.
I know you shouldn't use it on your face but I have not a lot and VERY VERY VERY gently.
Just what ever product you use, use a NICE amount.
* also I checked online to make sure I was getting the real ones...I did!
I received 3 authentic Salux bath sheets (wash cloth just doesn't sound right).
The package says made in Japan and the tag on the cloth says made in japan.
They take a little soap a long LONG way and dry very quickly.
They can be machine washed but should be hung to dry.<br /><br /> For those who have not heard of these, they are not a terry towel wash cloth.
They are very long (in length) exfoliating cloths made from nylon and polyester.
They are a lot tougher than the ones you will find at a dollar store/ beauty supply store and last a lot longer.
Also they can be very rough when you first use one, in short, it feels like a good back scratching.
I don't recommend using it on you face or privets as it can be too rough.
They do such a great job of scrubbing my skin.
I had my mom cut them into wash cloth size so they'd last longer.
They are worth every penny.
I would purchase again.
I love these things.
They are pretty big so I cut them into 6 pieces and use a new one after about a month.
Great value and product.
Wish it was made in the USA however
The best gets off all extra skin and makes me feel cleaner
